CITIN C

Starzl - Radiant Enemies ^Sj

^	BIZARRE/	^

Merritt - Conquest ofthefAoon Pool

STRANGE /

Austin Holl ~ Almost Immortal

ASTOUNDING /

Serviss - The Moon Metal

weird/

England - Man with //?* Class Heart

eerie /

Blades - Fruit of the Forbidden Tree

k STARTLING/	A

Marshall-World the Balance ^
                      A YEAR AGO HE WAS SET TO BE FIRED

                /VOW fftf R/6//r//MP-MA/V
                T0 mf BOSS

YES sir,” continued
    i

 Joe, “his desk used to be
 right next to mine—now look where he is.”

 Half proudly and half enviously he and Frank
 watched Ed as he swung down the company steps, his
 arm linked in that of J.P., the head of the firm.
 Ed is getting $7,500 a year now, while Joe at
 $5,000 is a long way ahead of Frank, a newcomer.

 ^ “Boy, he must be plenty smart,” said Frank.

 “Plenty smart is.right,” said Joe. “Ed has a lot on
 the ball, but in spite of that he was slated to go.”

 “For what?” Frank wanted to know. “A guy like
 that. .

 “Well, maybe you wouldn’t believe it, but it was
 his breath ...”

 “Drank a lot, eh?”

 “Not Ed. Never a drop, but most of the time he had
 a case of halitosis* that would knock you down.”

 “One of those birds, eh? Didn’t he read the Listerine
 Antiseptic ads. Didn’t anybody tip him off?”

 “Sure, I tipped him off, but not before he almost got
 the toss. You see, Ed had to see an awful lot of people—
 close contact stuff. At first they never said anything
 about it, but later on that breath of his was getting him
 in bad with his customers. Finally a few of the
 crustier ones began to write in, complaining,
 and at last J. P. himself got on to it.”	VS=v.

 “You’d think J.P. would say something . .
 a good man like Ed.”

 “I understand he did, Frank. Maybe he didn’t make
 it plain enough. Anyhow Ed never took a tumble—and
 his job hanging in the balance.”

“Chump!”

 “You said it. But there’s hundreds like him; suspect-
 ing everybody but themselves.”

 “Well,” demanded F-ank, “what happened?”

 “I got Ed out one night. After a couple of drinks, to
 give me courage, I let him have the bad news about
 that breath of his. Told him he better get going on
 Listerine and keep it up if he wanted to stay on with
 the firm.”

 “You certainly didn’t pull your punches.”

 “I certainly didn’t. And boy, was he sore at first.
 And then grateful. Worked my hand up and down like
 it was a pump handle. Since then you never saw a guy
 so careful about the impression he makes on others.”

 Frank nodded. “The last place I worked, they were
 plenty fussy about that sort of thing. I think every firm

 should have a standing order ‘Listerine Antiseptic be-
 fore you call on a customer.’ I guess it pays."

   “And how! If you think it didn’t, just look at Ed;
 he sure is going places.”

 *Nobody it immune! Everybody probably ha* halitosis (bad
 breath) at Rome time or other without realizing it. That’s the
 insidious thing about this offensive condition. Sometimes
 halitosis is due to systemic conditions, but usually and for-
 tunately it is caused, say some authorities, by fermentation
 of tiny food particles in the mouth. Listerine quickly halts
 such food fermcntntiim anil then overcomes the odors it
 causes. Your breath becomes sweeter, purer, less likely to
 offend. Always use Listerine before business and social en-
 gagements. Lambert I’harmacid Co., St. I.nuit, Mo.

Before you go to work, use Listerine for halitosis (bad breath)
ADVERTISING SECTION

,2>a 't/on want to. <jet ahead?.. tlte+t...

 Read these 8 letters!

Two Promotions in First Year

At the time of my enrollment about a year ago, I
was in our Yakima office in charge of collections.
3 months from that time I was moved to a district
office as office manager. 6 months later came my
transfer to Lewiston as district manager. My LaSalle
training has certainly paid big dividends. And I
haven’t even completed it yeti

D. E. W., Idaho

w-y^^issss:

University Executive Finds Training

Comprehensive and Well-Presented

My work is that of cashier and manager of----

University's Accounting Department. I am in direct
connection with education and, with my lack ground,
feel able to judge accurately the worth of any exten-
sion course. I have not yet found another as compre-
hensive and well-presented as that offered by LaSalle,
and believe anyone who will put the effort into it is
bound to succeed.	R M B S D

 In l£!zk f00As5’f M9r* in Only 8 Weeks

 Higher Acc^^^^J®F-enrollment for your
 jjS* to	Ithweas. Promoted ?rom

 super-market m central New York gest A- & p-

----T. F. F., N. Y.	__

, 0{ Training

     Many. wany.^ Tegardintj record is a" f

SunUVhf£roblem	** *

      Easily Pays Tuition by Outside WnrL

6^onths was sufficient to

     Position, and, later	> ary at niy original
 assistant budget director fcfthS SateS6"1 33
 --- V. C. G.. '

They are evidence that success and
promotion come fast to trained men!

Stop hoping for that raise or promotion! Begin
earning it—in the way that cannot be overlooked
by your employers!

  Isn’t it pretty obvious that maybe so far you
aren’t going about things in the right way? And
isn’t it equally obvious that the men of those
letters quoted above found a more effective way
—through LaSalle accountancy training?

  Take a tip from these experienced men. Reason
it out for yourself! What has worked out so well

for those men—and for thousands and thousands
like them—IS ALSO PRETTY APT TO WORK

FOR YOU! That’s just common sense.

  Like them, why not investigate? Send the
coupon—that’s the first move.

  Next we will gladly lay before you all the de-
tails of this proved success-building program—
without obligation. Then make your own de-
cision in the light of all the facts. The coupon
will bring you full information in this fascinating
FREE book of 48 pages. Send for it—NOW!

  LaSalle
Extension
University

A CORRESPONDENCE
INSTITUTION

Dept. 1158-HR	Chicago

Fd like to have your free booklet,"Accountancy, the Profession
That Pays,” about the training that these 8 men liked so well.

Name..-................

Address.................

Position................

           ------------Age.......

In answering advertisements it is desirable that you mention Famous Fantastic Mysteries
* & *

Vol. 1

NOVEMBER, 1939

No. 2

THIS magazine is
the answer to
thousands of requests
that we have received
over a period of years,
demanding a second
look at famous fan-
tasies which, since
their original publica-
tion, have become ac-
cepted classics. Our
choice has been dic-
tated by your requests
and our firm belief
that these are the aces
of imaginative fiction.

—The Editors.

BIZARRE!

The Conquest of the Moon Pool. .A. Merritt 6
In Six Parts—Part I

STARTLING!

The World in the Balance....}. P. Marshall 32
Three days to escape the green death from
outer space!

ASTOUNDING!

The Moon Metal.........Garrett P. Serviss 40

For a dreadful moment the man from nowhere
held the world in his hand

WEIRD!

    The Man with the Glass Heart

                       George Allan England 75
    The one great scientist who could fix it, would
    not believe in it

STRANGE!

Almost Immortal..............Austin Hall 82

This time the snatcher of souls did not reckon
with his man

EERIE!

    Fruit of the Forbidden Tree

                          Leslie Burton Blades 109
    “There are some things that even science may
    not touch"

EXCITING!

The Radiant Enemies...........R. F. Starzl 118

On a comet of riches

   Golden Atlantis—A Poem

Richard Butler Glaenzer 31

The Editor's Page........................ 39

The Readers' Viewpoint.................. 125

 THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, Publisher, 280 Broadway. New York, N. Y.

 WILLIAM T. DEWART. President

 THE CONTINENTAL PUBLISHERS & DISTRIBUTORS. LTD.

                         3 La Belle Sauvage, Ludgate Hill, London, E.C., 4
                         Paris: HACHETTE & CIE. Ill Rue Reaumur

                           Copyright. 1939, by The Frank A. Munsey Company
Published monthly. Single copy 15 cents. By the year. $1.50 in United States, its dependencies. Mexico and
Cuba ; Canada, $1.75. Other countries, $2.25. Currency should not be sent unless registered. Remittances should
be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Copyrighted in Great Britain. Printed in U. S. A.

2
ADVERTISING SECTION

Cwfa/te

THAT I CAN TRAIN YOU
_ AT MOMS FOR A

GvotiJtrir

*i*l Rtuiio

3J $10 TO $20 WEEK
j IN SPARE TIME

"I repaired many Radio
sets when I was on niy
tenth lesson, and I havo

 Mra mndo cnouKh money to pay
 for my Radio course and
 ■"# ■ also my instruments. I
 ^ really don’t 1100 how you
 can give so much for such
 a small amount of money. I made $600
 in a year and a half, and 1 havo made
 an averawe of $10 to ?20 a week—just
 spare limn.”—JOHN JERItY. 1520
 Arapahoe St., Denver, Colo.

   DOUBLED SALARY
   IN 5 MONTHS

 “Shortly after I started
 the N. R. I. Course I be-
 gan teaching Radio classes
 at the Spurt on School of
 Aeronautics. After five
 months I was given a
 chance to Join the Ameri-
 can Airlines at a salary
 double that which I received from tlio
 School.”—A. T. BROTHERS, 1130
 Ocean Park Blvd., Santa Monica, Calif.

    mzm $200 to $300 a month

   |g&g IN OWN BUSINESS

             ‘Tor the last two years
             I havo been In business
             for myself making be-
             tween $200 and $300 a
             month. Business has stead-
             ily Increased. I havo
             N. R. 1. to thank for ray
             start In this field.”—
             ARLIE J. FROEHNER, 300 W. Texas
             Are., Goose Creek, Texas,

mSLM

 Clip the coupon and mail it. I'm certain I
 can train you at home in your spare time to
 be a Radio Technician. I will send you my
 first lesson free. Examine it, read it, sec how
 clear and easy it is to understand. Judge for

 Sourself whether my course is planned to
 elp you get a good job in Radio, a young,
 growing field with a future. You don't need
 to give up your present job, or spend a lot
 of money to become a Radio Technician. I
 train you at home in your spare time.

 Why Many Radio Technicians Make
 $30, $40, $50 a Week

 Radio broadcasting stations employ engi-
 neers, operators, station managers. Radio
 manufacturers employ testers, inspectors, method make
 foremen, servicemen in good-pay jobs. Radio

 foremen, servicemen in good-pay jobs. Radio fascinating, practical. I ALSO GIVE YOU A
 jobbers, dealers, employ installation and MODERN. PROFESSIONAL ALL-WAVE,
 service men. Many Radio Technicians open ALL-PURPOSE SET SERVICING INSTRU-

 their own Radio sales and repair businesses
 and make $30, $40. $50 a week. Others
 hold their regular jobs and make $5 to $10
 a week fixing Radios in spare rime. Auto-
 mobile, police, aviation, commercial Radio;

 MENT to _help you make more money fixing
 Radios while learning and equip you for full
 time work after you graduate.

Find Out What Radio Offers You

 loudspeaker systems, electronic devices, are

 other fields offering opportunities for which	today. Mail the coupon for Sample Lesson

 N. R. I. gives the required knowledge of	and my 64-page Book, "Rich Rewards in

 Radio. Television promises to open good	They point out Radio's spare time and

 jobs soon.

Many Make $5, $10 a Week Extra
in Spare Time While Learning

 The day you enroll, 1 start sending vou Ex-
 tra Money Job Sheets which start showing
 you how to do Radio repair jobs. Through-
 out your training I send plans and directions
 which have helped many make $200 to $500
 a year in spare time while learning. I send
 spccial Radio equipment to conduct experi-
 ments and build circuits. The 50-50 training

 full time opportunities and those coming in
 Television; tell about my course in Radio and
 Television ; show letters from men I have trained
 telling what they are doing and earning. Read
 my money back agreement. Find out what Radio
 offers YOU! MAIL COUPON in an envelope.

  or paste on a postcard—NOW!

J. E. SMITH, President
National Radio Institute, Dept. 9MK,
Washington, D. C.

GOOD FOR BOTH SAMPLE LESSON FREE

  J. E. Smith, President. National Radio Institute

 Dept 9MK, Washington. D. C.

 Dear Mr. Smith: Send me FREE, without obligation.
 Sample lesson and 61-page book "Rich Rewards in Radio”
 which tells about Radio's spare time and full time opportuni-
 ties and how I can train at home for them. (Write Plainly).

Name........................................Ago.......

Address.
City....

 State.

 .2FR

In answering advertisements it is desirable that you mention Famous Fantastic Mysteries

3
ADVERTISING SECTION1

FREE TRIAL OFFER

 NEW REMINGTON DELUXE NOISELESS PORTABLEI

                        a AS LITTLE AS

^Oaday

                           The New Famous Remington
 Deluxe Noiseleao Portable that
 speaks In u whisper. Is yours
 for as little as 10c a day.
 Brand new. Standard key-
 board. Automatic ribbon reverse. Variable line spacer. Touch
 regulator and all the conveniences of the finest portable ever
 built. PLUS the NOISELESS feature. Act now. Send coupon
 TODAY for detain.

You don't RISK a Penny

 We will send you the Bemlngton Deluxe NolBeless Portable
 for 10 days’ Tree trial. If you are not entirely satisfied,
 send it back. We pay all shipping charges.

FREE Typing Booklet, Special Carrying Case

 You receive FREE a complete simplified booklet on Touch
 Typing preparod by oxperts. A handsome, sturdy carrying
 case is Included. No obligation. Mall coupon for full details
 —NOW.

 Remington Rand Inc.. Dept. 1-15-11
 465 Washington St., Buffalo, N. Y.

 Tell me, without obligation, how to get a Free THnl of a new
 Remington Noiseless Portable, including Carrying Case and Free
 Typing Course on terms as low as 10c a day. Send Catalogue.

Name.........................................................

Address,......................................................

City......................................State...............

GUARANTEED TIRES!

GOODYEAR'GOODRICH 4 41
FIRESTONE*U.S. and MvAtl

Other Standard Makes Q«*KEUU

                                     With Every
              World’s Lowest 2 Tires ordered
              TIRE PRICES

            Tir® users by the
            thousands all over
            the U.S.A. vouch for
            the Loner Hard Serv-
            ice of our Standard
            Brand tires recondi-
            tioned wlthhtgh grade
            ^materials and latest
            methods by our tire
            experts. Our 21
            years experience

makes It possible to_

 offer tires at lowest prices, with legal
 , agreomont to replace at 14 price any
 tire that falls to give 12 Mos, Service.
 EVERY TIRE GUARANTEED!
 BALLOON TIRESI REGULAR CORD TIRES
 cj7B Dim fitM Tubes Size Tires TubeslStze Tires Tubes
 Kim. JOTS IUDK 50,3**2.33 S0.95 33H« *3.45 *1.45

— ‘-os liii 111	3-4S i.«*

         2.40 LHK;S i’ll i-SSIaOxS 3.6S 1.65
         2’tn l	1^1 1.36 »3i5 3.7S 1.75

            59 J-2«32«4X 3.35 1.46laSx6 3.95 1.76
            lias HEAVY DUTY TRUCK TIRES
            CHJirh Prwinuro)

                          Tires TubosiSize Tires Tubes
                          *<•25	$10.95 *4.05

3:ii aifc ««

                        S.95 2.96J3018 11.45 4.05
                          .95 4.45140x8 13.25 4.95

Comtiloto with bat-
torUn and nowwt

  g'po reflector bulb,
  eady for inntnnt
  uno. Strone. ntoady
  I isbt. Usnral ovcry-
  whnre. Order now.

ate 1.40-31 92.1
29x4.50-20 2.3
30x4.50-21

1.411

 TRUCK BALLOON TIRES

, .Jlsixe Tires TubeslSizo Tiros Tubes

'•’“rt.OO-atl $3.75*I.SO-20 *6.95*3.75

32x6.00-2

33x0.00-21

82x6.50-20

6.00-10

1.45

-20 $3.75(1.'

   1.60-20 4.45 I.1
   5.91

.00-20

 .95 2.06

 4.05

                                     26-20 8.9
                 .00-20 10.95 fi.CS
                 1 7r Al I OTHFR	*.75-20 13.95 0.46

              i:46ALkirESER |gCTH3iMB£l?»r»l
 SEND ONLY $1.00 DEPOSIT on each tire ordered.
 ($8.00 on each Truck Tire.) We ship balance C. O. D.
 Deduct S per cent if cash is sent in full with order. To
 fill order promptly we may substitute brands If neces-
 sary. ALL TUBES BRAND NEW — GUARANTEED —
 PERRY-FIELD TIRE & RUBBER CO.
 2128-10 S. Michigan Av., Dent.4101-A, Chicago, III.

RED ★ STAR
MAGAZINES

BUY

when you want

GOOD FICTION

RUPTURED?

Get Relief This Proven Way

 Why try to worry along with trusses that gouge your
 flesh—press heavily on hips and spine—enlarge opening—
 fall to hold rupture? You need the Cluthe. No leg-straps
 or cutting belts. Automatic adjustable pad holds at real

 opening—follows every body movement with Instant in-
 sreased

        • play. Light. Waterproof. Can be w

                   Miral

 details of liberal truthful 60-day trial offer. Also endorse-

         support In case of strain. Cannot slip whether at
 worK or play. Light. Waterproof. Can be worn In bath.
 Send for amazing FREE book, "Advice To Ruptured”

ments from grateful users In your neighborhood. Write:
CLUTHE SONS, Dept. 28, Bloomfield, New Jersey.

                 tSTUDY AT HOME

                                   Legally trained men win high-
                                   er positions and bigger suc-
                                   cess in business and publio
                                   life. Grontor opportunities now than
                                   over before. Big corporation* aro
                                   howled br men with legal training.

                  More Ability: More Prestige: More Money

                     IVo guide you step bystep. Yea can trmln at home

              ___ during wparo time. Degree of LL. B. Gaccesnfol

                     graduate* In every section of tne U. S. We furnish
      sill text matorfaJ, Including 14*volume Lew Library. Low coat, easy
      terms. Get oar valuable 48-page 'Law Training for Leadership*' and
      "Evidence** books FREE. Send for them NOW.

LaSalle Extension University, Dept. 11SS-L Chics**

____A Correspondence Institution	_

KAEHE

                             (due to Muscular Strain)

                      When your back aehos and	and

                             you feel that you can’t straighten up
                             try rubbing Bn-Ar-Co (J»pane«e Oil)
                             on the painful apot. It's soothing
                             ■warmth brings roilef — faat. Keep n
                             bottle h»ndy. It’a a frrand ••flrst-ald"
                             for muscular pains duo to fatljmo and
                             exposure—eimple neuralgia. All dnur-
                             Kieta. National Remedy Co., New Vorlr

Earn Extra Moneyat/6me

Increase your income at home by new,
simple Wentworth Tempera Color method.
We instruct you and supply you with
work. Write today for FREE BOOKLET.

Wentworth Pictorial Co., Ltd., Dept. fgg. Hamilton, Ont.

 Genuine Marble also Granite.

 Low Prices. Free lettering.

  Satisfaction guaranteed. Erected
  In cemetery if desired. Write
  us now for FREE Catalog of
  beautiful designs, also samples
  of stone.

U. 5. MARBLE & GRANITE CO.

              ONECO. A-43, FLORIDA

SUCCESS AND HAPPINESS ARE YOURS!

 Learn to READ YOUR DESTINY IN THE STARS
 thru VARUNA’S 35-page Simple Course dealing
 with Love, Marriage 8c Success mailed with your
 HOROSCOPE. Send Birth Date, Month & Year
 with $1.00 to P. O. Box 585, Seattle, Wash.

Classified Advertisements

_CORRESPONDENCE COURSES_

 CORRESPONDENCE courses find educational books, slightly useOf.
 Sold. Rented. Exchanged. All subjects. Satisfaction guaranteed. Cush
 paid for used courses. Comolete details and bargain catalog FREE.
 Send name. NELSON COMPANY, L-214. Manhattan Buildinp. Chicago.
 |M|	MALE HELP WANTED

STEADY WORK—GOOD PAY

 Reliable man wanted to call on farmers. No experience or capital
 required. Pleasant work. Home every night. Make up to $12 s day.
 Wonderful new proposition. Particulars Free. Write
 _McNESS CO., Dent. 327, Freeport, Illinois_

SONG POEMS WANTED

 KONG POEMS WANTED AT ONCE! MOTHER. HOME. LOVE,
 PATRIOTIC. SACRIil) COMIC OR ANT SUBJECT. DON'T
 DELAY—SEND YOUR POEM TODAY FOR IMMEDIATE CON-
 SIDERATION. RICHARD BROS., 61 WOODS BLDG.. CHICAGO

In answering advertisements it is desirable that you mention FA>t*wg Fantastic Mysteries
ADVERTISING SECTION

CMlHKni MSI

Cold make breathing diffi-
cult? Nose feel “clamped in
a clothespin?” Put a Luden’s
in your mouth. As it dis-
solves it releases cool men-
thol vapor—which, with
every breath, helps relieve
clogged nasal passages, un-
clamp “clothespin nose!”

             It is common knowledge in medical circles that thou-
sands of men past 40 have prostate trouble. Thousands
suffer annoying, embarrassing, and sometimes agon-
izing symptoms, such as frequent rising ot night, pains
in the back, neck, crotch and rectum, chronic tiredness
and weakness. Most of these symptoms may be traccd
to inflammation .end swelling of that important male
gland, the prostate. Neglect may lead to serious consc-
iences. Thcrmalaid method offers pleasant, soothing, comforting
tclief without painful massage, drugs or special diets. Thirty day
trial offer, positive money-back guarantee. Our new free booklet:
41 Why Many Men Arc Old at 40”, explains everything. Write today.
THERMALAID METHOD, INC.,

S03S FSANKLI* AV€-, mUIENVIUC. OHIO

lUental Poisoning!

Thoughts that Enslave Minds

Tortured soul*. Human being* whose self-
confidence and peace of mind have been torn
*0 shreds by invisible darts—the evil thoughts
of other*. Can envy, hate and jealousy be pro.
tected through space from the mind of another?

Do poisoned thoughts, like mysterious rays,
reach through the ethereal realms to claim
innocent victims? AH of us, from day to day
and hour to hour, in every walk of life, in
•very circumstance, are possible victim* of
mental poisoning, unless we understand it*
nature, and can quickly recognize its infec-
tious innoculation.

  This FREE Sealed Book

    Do you know the strangtst of all law*
in man’* body? Man'* life: happiness,
health, and enjoyment of the things of
life depend on his understanding of the
working of the human mind. Let the
Rosicrucian* explain how you may ac-
quire an age-old method for mind devel-
opment and the proper use of your latent
inner power*. If sincere, write for the
frtt stolrd book. Address: Scribe M.R.O-

Dfu ROSICRUCIANS

    (AMORC)

        San Jose, California!

BBSU

 FREE

MONEY

 MAKING

 OUTFIT

WRITING EASY ORDERS
SPARE OR FULL TIME

ROStCUFP-QUAKER CORPORATION
1239 Broadway, Dept. PH New York

MODEL 822

.22 TARGET-
SINGLE ACTION REVOLVER

Thrilling heavyweight eight-
shot sport model! The crown-
ing achievement of 68 years’
experience in building fine fire-
arms! Extra heavy barrel and
frame — perfect balance. Two
adjustable sights. New design
trigger light, smooth pull.
All rim-fire ammunition. Blued
finish. For better, more consist-
ent scores — own one!

Ask your Dealer — send for
Booklet A20.

IVER JOHNSON’S ARMS & CYC

tt RIVER STREET. FITCHBURG, MASS. 85 Chambers Street. New York

In answering advertisements it is desirable that you mention Famous Fantastic Mysteries

5
✓

“I saw a white fire that shone like stars in a swirl of mist and I stood helpless while the sparkling
devil pulled my dear ones over the ship’s rail into the eerie light. I saw them a little while whirling
away in the moon track behind the ship—and then they were gonel”

A Sequel to “The Moon Pool”

                 Through the moon door, to grapple with
                 the dread Dweller and wrest the six
                 Lost Ones from their prison of icy flame

6
The Conquest of
            the Moon Pool

 By A. MERRITT
 PART I

CHAPTER I

THE DWELLER

  AS I begin this narrative, 1 find it nec-
/-\ essary to refer, briefly, to my orig-
^ inal recital which appeared under
the title of “The Moon Pool,” of the causes
that led me into the adventure of which
it is to be the history. The adventure
which would forge the last links in the
chain to bind the Dweller.

  I have told you of that dread night on
the Southern Queenf when the monstrous,
shining Thing of living light and mingled
rapture and horror embraced Throckmar-
tin and drew him from his cabin down
the moon path to its lair beneath the
Moon Pool. I had promised Throckmartin
to solve the mystery. But I had delayed
keeping this promise for three years, be-
lieving nothing could really be done, and
fearing my story would not be believed.
At last, however, remorse drove me into
action.

  Had I set forth for that group of South-
ern Pacific islets called the Nan-Matal,
where the Moon Pool lay hidden, a day
before or after, I would not have found
Olaf Huldricksson, hands lashed to the
wheel of his ravished Brunkilda, steering
it even in his sleep down the track of the
Dweller. Olaf whose wife and babe the
Dweller had snatched from him. Nor would
I have picked up Larry O’Keefe from the
wreck of his flying boat fast sinking under
the long swells of the Pacific. And without
O’Keefe and Huldricksson that weird and
almost unthinkably fantastic drama en-
acted beyond the Moon Pool’s gates must
have had a very different curtain.

  The remorse of a botanist, the burning,
bitter hatred of a Norse seaman, the
breaking of a wire in a flying-boat’s wing
—all these meeting at one fleeting moment
formed the slender tripod upon which
rested the fate of humanity! Could that
universal irony which seems to mold our
fortunes go further?

  But there they were—O’Keefe and Hul-
dricksson and I; Larry O’Keefe and Olaf
Huldricksson and I, and Lakla of the
flower face and wide, golden eyes. Lakla
the Handmaiden of the Silent Ones, and
the Three who had fashioned the Dweller
from earth's secret heart—each thread in
its place.

  And so humanity lives!

  And now let me recall to those who read
my first narrative, and to make plain to
those who did not, what it was that took
me on my quest; that enigmatic prelude
in which the Dweller first tried its growing
power.

  You will remember that Dr. David
Throckmartin, one of America’s leaders in
archeological and ethnological research, had
set out for the Caroline Islands, accompa-
nied by his young wife, Edith, his equally
youthful associate, Dr. Charles Stanton,
and Mrs. Throckmartin’s nurse from baby-
hood, Thora Helverson.

  Their destination was that extraordinary
cluster of artificially squared, basalt-
walled islets off the eastern coast of Pon-
ape, the largest Caroline Island, known as
the Nan-Matal. It was Throckmartin’s be-
lief that in those prehistoric ruins lay the
clue to the lost and highly civilized race
which had peopled that ancient continent,
which, sinking beneath the waters of the

Copyrighted, 1010, by The Frank A. Munsey Co.

7
8

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

Pacific, Atlantis-like, had left in the islands
we call Polynesia only its highest peaks.

  Dr. Throckmartin planned to spend a
year on the Nan-Matal, hoping that within
its shattered temples and terraces, its
vaults and cyclopean walls, or in the maze
of secret tunnels that running under the
sea threaded together the isles, he would
recover not only a lost page of the history
of our races, but also, perhaps, a knowledge
that had vanished with it.

  The subsequent fate of this expedition
formed what became known as the Throck-
martin mystery. Three months after the
little party had landed at Ponape, and
had been accompanied to the ruins by a
score of reluctant native workmen—reluc-
tant because all the islanders shun the
Nan-Matal as a haunted place—Dr.
Throckmartin appeared alone at Port
Moresby, Papua.

  There he said that he was going to Mel-
bourne to employ some white workmen to
help him in his excavations, the super-
stitions of the natives making their use-
fulness negligible. He took passage on the
Southern Queen, sailing the same day that
he appeared, and three nights later he van-
ished utterly from that vessel.

  It was officially reported that he had
either fallen from the ship or had thrown
himself overboard. A relief party sent to
the Nan-Matal for the others in his party
found no trace of his wife, of Stanton, or
of Thora Helverson. The native workmen,
questioned, said that on the nights of the
full moon the ani or spirits of tlie ruins
had great power. That on these nights no
Ponapean would go within sight or sound
of them, and that by agreement with
Throckmartin they had been allowed to re-
turn to their homes on these nights, leav-
ing the expedition “to face the spirits
alone.”

AFTER the full of the moon on the
third month of the expedition’s stay,
the natives had returned to the Throck-
martin camp only to find it deserted. And
then, “knowing that the ani had been
stronger,” they had fled.

  I had been a passenger with Throck-
martin on the Southern Queen. I had been
with him when that wondrous horror
which had followed him down the moon
path after it had set its unholy seal upon
him had snatched him from the vessel.
He had told me his story, and I had prom-
ised, Heaven forgive me, that if the
Dweller took him as it had taken his wife
and Stanton and Thora, I would follow.

  He had told me his story, and I knew
that story was true—for twice I had seen
the inexplicable power which Throckmar-
tin, discovering, had loosed upon himself
and those who loved him. That unearthly
Thing which left on the faces of its prey
soul-deep lines of mingled agony and rap-
ture, of joy celestial and misery infernal,
side by side, as though the hand of God
and the hand of Satan working in harmony-
had etched them!

  1 first beheld the Dweller on that first
night out from Papua when it came rac-
ing over the horizon to claim Throckmar-
tin.

  We two were on the upper deck. He had
not yet summoned the courage to tell me
of what had befallen him. Storm threat-
ened but suddenly, far to the north, the
clouds parted, and upon the waters far
away the moon shone.

  Swiftly the break in the high-flung
canopies advanced toward us and the silver
rapids of the moon stream between them
came racing down toward the Southern
Queen like a gigantic, shining serpent
writhing over the rim of the world. And
down its shimmering length a pillared ra-
diance sped. It reached the barrier of
blackness that still held between the ship
and the head of the moon stream and beat
against it with a swirling of shimmering
misty plumes, throbbing lacy opalescences
and vaporous spiralings of living light.

  Then, as the protecting shadow grew
less, I saw that within the pillar was a
core, a nucleus of intense light—veined,
opalescent, vital. And through gusts of
tinkling music came a murmuring cry as
of a calling from another sphere, making
soul and body shrink from it irresistibly
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

9

and reach toward it with an infinite
longing. “Av-o-lo-ha! Av-o-lo-ha! ” it
sighed.

  Straight toward the radiant vision
walked Throckmartin, his face transformed
from all human semblance by unholy
blending of agony and rapture that had
fallen over it like a mask. And then—the
clouds closed, the moon path was blotted
out, and where the shining Thing had been
was—nothing!

  What had been there was the Dweller!

  It was after I had beheld that appari-
tion that Throckmartin told me what would-
have been, save for what my own eyes
had seen, his incredible story. How, upon a
first night of the full moon, camping on
another shore, they had seen lights moving
on the outer bulwarks of that islet of the
Nan-Matal, called Nan-Tanach, the “place
of frowning walls,” and faintly to them
over the waters had crept the crystalline
music, while far beneath, as though from
vast distant caverns, a mighty muffled
chanting had risen. How, on going to Nan-
Tanach next day, they had found set within
the inner of its three titanic terraces, a
slab of stone, gray and cold and strangely
repellent to the touch. Above it and on
each side was a rounded breast of basalt
in each of which were seven little circles
that gave to the hand that same alien
shock, “as of frozen electricity,” that con-
tact with the gray slab gave.

  And that night, when sleep had seemed
to drop down upon them from the moon,
but before the sleep had conquered him,
he had seen the court of the gray rock
curdle with light. Into it had walked Thora,
bathed and filled with a pulsing effulgence
beside which all earthly light was shadow!

  He told me of their search for Thora
at dawn, when the slumber had fallen
from their eyes, and of their discovery of
her kerchief caught beneath the lintel of
the gray slab, betraying that it had opened,
and opening, closed upon her. Of their
efforts to force it, and of the vigil that
night when Stanton was taken and walked
“like a corpse in which flamed a god and
a devil” in the embrace of the Dweller

upon the shattered walls of Tanach, van-
ishing at last through the moon door, even
as had Thora. And the muffled, distant,
mighty chanting as of a multitude that
hailed his passage.

  After that, of the third night, when his
wife and he watched despairingly beside the
moon door, waiting for it to open, hoping
to surprise the shining Thing that came
through it, and surprising, conquer it. Of
their wait until the moon swam up and
its full light shone upon the terrace. Of the
sudden gleaming out of the little circles
under its rays and of the sighing murmur
of the moon door, swinging open as its
hidden mechanism responded to the force
of the light falling on the circles. And of
his mad rush down the glimmering pas-
sage beyond the moon-door portal to the
threshold of the wondrous chamber of the
Moon Pool.

ABSORBED, silent, marveling, I lis-
tened as he described that place of
mystery—a vaulted arch that seemed to
open into space; a space filled with lam-
bent, coruscating, many-colored mist whose
brightness grew even as he watched; before
him an awesome pool, circular, perhaps
twenty feet wide. Around it a low, softly
curving lip of glimmering, silvery stone.
The pool’s water was palest blue. Within
its silvery rim it was like a great, blue eye
staring upward.

  Upon it streamed seven shafts of radi-
ance. They poured down upon it like tor-
rents; they were like shining pillars of
light rising from a sapphire floor. One was
the tender pink of the pearl; one of the
aurora’s green; a third a deathly white;
the fourth the blue in mother-of-pearl; a
shimmering column of pale amber, a beam
of amethyst; a shaft of molten silver. The
pool drank them!

  And even as Throckmartin gazed, he
saw run through the blue water tiny
gleams of phosphorescence, sparkles and
coruscations of pale incandescence, and
far, far down in its depths he sensed a
movement, a shifting gleam as of some ra-
diant body slowly rising.
10

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  Mists then began to float up from the
surface, tiny swirls that held and hung in
the splendor of the seven shafts, absorbing
their glory and at last coalescing into the
shape I had seen and that he called the
Dweller.

  He had raised his pistol and sent bullet
after bullet into it. And as he did so, out
from it swept a gleaming tentacle. It
caught him above the heart; wrapped it-
self round him. Over him rushed a mingled
ecstasy and horror. It was, he said, as
though the cold soul of evil and the burn-
ing soul of good had stepped together
within him.

  He saw that the shining nucleus of that
which he had watched shape itself from
vapors and light had form—but a form
that eyes and brain could not define; as
though a being of another world should
assume what it might of human semblance,
but could not hide that what human eyes
saw was still only a part of it. It was
neither man nor woman; it was unearthly
and androgynous and even as he found its
human semblance, that semblance changed,
while all the while every atom of him
thrilled with interwoven rapture and
terror.

  Behind him he had heard the swift feet
of his wife, racing to his aid. Love gave
him power, and he wrested himself from
the Dweller. Even as he did so he fell, and
saw her rush straight into the radiant
glory! Saw, too, the Dweller swiftly wrap
its shining mists around her and drew her
over the lip of the pool; dragged himself
to the verge and watched her sink in its
embrace, down, down through the depths—
“a shining, many-colored, nebulous cloud,
and in it Edith’s face, disappearing, her
eyes staring up at me filled with ecstasy
supernal and infernal horror—and—van-
ished ! ”

  Then, far below, again the triumphant
chanting!

  There had come to Throckmartin mad-
ness. He had memory of running wildly
through glimmering passages; then black-
ness and oblivion until he found himself
far out at sea in the little boat they had
used to cruise around the lagoons of the

Nan-Matal. He had bribed the half-caste
captain of a ship that picked him up to
take him to Port Moresby, from whence
he intended to go to Melbourne, hoping to
find some who would return with him,
force the haunted chamber, and battle with
him against the Dweller.

  And on that third night I cowered in the
corner of his cabin and saw the Dweller
take him!

  For three years I was silent, and then,
obeying a sudden, irresistible impulse, I
started, alone, for the Nan-Matal to make
reparation. For Throckmartin had not en-
tirely believed that his wife was dead, nor
Stanton nor Thora; rather he thought that
they might be held in some unearthly
bondage.

  And he had, too, a vague belief that the
deep, underground chantings that had ac-
companied the disappearance of the
Dweller with its victims, pointing clearly
as they did to the existence of other beings
or powers in its mysterious den, held a vast
threat against humanity. How true was his
scientific clairvoyance, and yet how far
from the amazing, unthinkable truth, you
are to learn. It was my own conviction
that in both he had been right; and it was
this conviction which now forced me on-
ward at all speed toward the Carolines.

  I delayed my departure from America
only long enough to get certain instru-
ments and apparatus that long brooding
over the phenomena had suggested might
be useful in coping with them.

  Nine weeks later, with my parapher-
nalia, I was northward bound from Port
Moresby on the Suwarna, a swift little
copra sloop with a fifty-horse-power motor
auxiliary, and heading for Ponape—for the
Nan-Matal and the Chamber of the Moon
Pool and all that it held for me of soul-
shaking awe and peril.

CHAPTER II

“the sparkling devil took them!”

WE sighted the Brunhilda some five
hundred miles south of Ponape.
Soon after we had left Port Moresby the
wind had fallen, but the Suwarna, although
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

11

tar from being as fragrant as the Javan
flower for which she was named, could do
her twelve knots an hour. Da Costa, the
captain, was a garrulous Portuguese. The
crew were six huge, chattering Tonga boys.

  The Suwarna had cut through Finscha-
fen Huon Gulf to the protection of the
Bismarcks, and we were rolling over the
thousand-mile stretch of open ocean with
New Hanover far behind us and our boat’s
bow pointed straight toward Nukuor of the
Monte Verdes. After we had rounded Nu-
kuor we should, barring accident, reach
Ponape in not more than sixty hours.

  Beneath us the slow, prodigious swells
of the Pacific lifted us in gentle, giant
hands and sent us as gently down the long,
blue wave slopes to the next broad, upward
slope. There was a spell of peace over the
ocean that was semihypnotic, stilling even
the Portuguese captain who stood dreamily
at the wheel, slowly swaying to the rhyth-
mic lift and fall of the sloop.

  There came a whining hail from the
Tonga boy lookout draped lazily over the
bow.

  “Sail he b’long port side!”

  Da Costa straightened and gazed while
I raised my glass. The vessel was a scant
mile away, and must have been visible
long before the sleepy watcher had seen
her. She was a sloop about the size of
the Suwarna, without power. All sails set,
even to a spinnaker she carried, she was
making the best of the little breeze. I tried
to read her name, but the vessel jibed
sharply as though the hands of the man
at the wheel had suddenly dropped the
helm—and then with equal abruptness
swung back to her course. The stern came
in sight, and on it I read Brunhilda.

  I shifted my glasses to the figure at the
wheel. It came to me that there was some-
thing odd about him. He was crouching
down over the spokes in a helpless, hud-
dled sort of way, and even as I looked
the vessel veered again, abruptly as be-
fore. I saw the helmsman straighten up
and bring the wheel about with a vicious
jerk.

  He stood so for a moment, looking
straight ahead, entirely oblivious of us,

and then seemed again to sink down within
himself. It came to me that his was the
action of a man striving against a weari-
ness unutterable. I swept the deck with
my glasses. There was no other sign of
life. I turned to find the Portuguese star-
ing intently and with puzzled air at the
sloop, now separated from us by a scant
half mile.

  “Something veree wrong I think there,
sair,” he said in his curious English. “The
man on deck I know. He is captain and
owner of the Br-rwun’ild. His name Olaf
Huldricksson, what you say—Norwegian.
He is eithair veree sick or veree tired, but
I do not understand where is the crew and
the starb’d boat is gone.”

  As he spoke I clearly saw the arms at
the wheel of the Brunhilda relax, the wheel
spin and the vessel lurch about to swell
and wind and saw again the helmsman
stiffen like a man awakened violently from
deep sleep; saw his arms tighten spas-
modically and bring the ship once more
to her course.

  “Veree sick or somet-ing veree wrong,”
Da Costa repeated. “I t’ink I better go
close and see if he need help, sair?”

  It was the right thing to do. I nodded
acquiescence. He shouted an order to the
engineer and as he did so the faint breeze
died utterly and the sails of the Brunhilda
flapped down inert. I saw the helmsman
glare about him and thought I heard him
curse. But we were now nearly abreast and
a scant five hundred yards away. The en-
gine of the Suwarna died and the Tonga
boys leaped to one of the boats.

  “You Olaf Huldricksson!” shouted Da
Costa. “What’s a matter wit’ you?”

  The man at the wheel turned toward us.
As his body lifted I saw that he was a
giant of a man; his shoulders enormous;
thick chested, strength in every line of him,
he towered like a Viking of old at the rud-
der bar of his sharp ship.

  I raised the glass again; his face sprang
into the lens as though he himself had
leaped from his deck and was staring at
me; and never have I seen a face that was
lined and marked as though by ages of
unsleeping misery as was that of Olaf Hul-
12

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

dricksson! The bloodshot eyes peered into
mine with a look in their depths that might
have been in the eyes of a mummy,

THE glasses dropped from my shaking
hand. The two Tonga boys had the
boat alongside and were waiting at the
oars. The little captain was dropping
into it.

  “Wait!” I cried. I ran into my cabin,
grasped my emergency medical kit and
climbed down the rope ladder. The two
Tonga boys bent to the oars. We reached
the side and Da Costa and I each seized a
lanyard dangling from the stays and swung
ourselves swiftly on board. Da Costa ap-
proached Huldricksson softly.

  “What’s the matter, Olaf?” he began
and then was silent, looking down at the
wheel. My gaze followed his and we
shrank together involuntarily. For the
hands of Huldricksson were lashed fast
to the spokes of the wheel by thongs of
thin, strong cord. They had been bound
so tightly that they were swollen and black.
The thongs had bitten so into the sinewy
wrists that they were hidden in the out-
raged flesh, cutting so deeply that blood
fell, slow drop by drop, at his feet. We
sprang toward him, reaching out hands to
his fetters to loose them. Even as we
touched them, Huldricksson grew rigid
with anger that had in it something dia-
bolic. He aimed a vicious kick at me and
then another at Da Costa which sent the
Portuguese tumbling into the scuppers.

  “Let be!” croaked Huldricksson; his
voice was as thick and lifeless as though
forced from a dead throat, and I saw that
his lips were cracked and dry and his
parched tongue was black. “Let be' Go!
Let be!” The words beat upon the ears
heavily, painfully. It was the dead alive
and speaking!

  The Portuguese had picked himself up,
whimpering with rage and knife in hand,
but as Huldricksson’s voice reached him he
stopped. Amazement crept into his eyes
and as he thrust the blade back into his
belt they softened with pity.

  “Something veree wrong wit’ Olaf,” he
murmured to me. “I think he crazee!”

And then Olaf Huldricksson began to curse
us. He did not speak—he howled from that
hideously dry mouth his imprecations and
I think I never heard such hate and bit-
terness issue from any man’s lips. He
cursed us by everything in heaven and
earth and hell—yes, and he cursed earth,
hell and heaven as well. And all the time
his bloodshot eyes roamed the seas and
his hands, clenched and rigid on the wheel,
dropped blood.

  “I go below,” said Da Costa nervously.
“His wife, his little Freda, they are always
wit’ him. You wait.” He darted down the
companionway and was gone. Huldricksson
suddenly was silent, slumping down over
the wheel, forgetting us.

  Da Costa’s head appeared at the top of
the companion steps.

  “There is nobody, nobody,” he said.
“I do not understan’.”

  Then Olaf Huldricksson opened his dry
lips again and as he spoke a thrill ran
through me, stopping my heart.

  “The sparkling devil took them!”
croaked Olaf Huldricksson. “The sparkling
devil took them! Took my Helma and my
little Freda! The sparkling devil came
down from the moon and took them! ”

  He swayed and two great tears ran
down his cheeks. Da Costa moved toward
him again, and again Huldricksson watched
him, once more alertly, wickedly, from
his reddened eyes.

  I took a hypodermic syringe from my
case and filled it with morphin. I drew
Da Costa to me.

  “Get to the side of him,” I whispered,
“talk to him.” He saw the little syringe
in my hand and nodded. He moved over
toward the wheel.

 “Where is your Helma and Freda,
Olaf?” he said.

  Huldricksson turned his head toward
him. “The shining devil took them,” he
repeated. “The moon devil.”

  A yell broke from him. I had thrust the
needle into his arm just above one swollen
wrist and had quickly shot the drug
through. He struggled to release himself
and then began to rock drunkenly side by
side. The morphin, taking him in his weak-
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

13

ness, worked quickly. Soon over his face
we saw a peace descend. The pupils of the
staring eyes contracted. Once, twice, he
swayed and then his bleeding, prisoned
hands held high and still gripping the
wheel, he dropped to the deck.

  It was with utmost difficulty that we
loosed the thongs, but at last it was done.
We rigged a little swing and the Tonga
boys slung the great inert body over the
side into the dory. Soon we had Huldricks-
son in my bunk. Da Costa sent half his
crew over to the sloop in charge of the
Cantonese. They took in all sail, stripping
Huldricksson’s boat to the masts and then
with the Brunhilda nosing quietly along
after us at the end of a long hawser, one
of the Tonga boys at her wheel, we re-
resumed our way.

  I had cleansed and bandaged the drug-
ged Norseman’s lacerated wrists and was
sponging the blackened, parched mouth
with warm water and a mild antiseptic
when the Portuguese softly entered the
cabin. I did not hear him until he spoke,
so engrossed was I in my thoughts of this
mystery of the Brunhilda. At first, when
Huldricksson had spoken of a “sparkling
devil from the moon” I had felt a shock
of apprehension. Could it be that on the
very threshold of my quest the Dweller
had come out to meet me?

  But in the light of Huldricksson’s fet-
tering this thought had vanished. There
had probably occurred on the Brunhilda
one of those swift, devilish tragedies of
the South Seas that ever and anon flare
up like lightning out of hell. A mutiny of
the only half tamed crew, a treacherous
blow from behind that had felled the
Norseman to the deck, a mordant humor
or obscure superstition that had left him
to awaken fettered to the wheel of his rav-
ished vessel, a carrying away of mother
and child to some unspeakable death.

SUCH a story is a commonplace in those
vast reaches of sea and sea-hidden lairs
of cruel and savage tribes. And yet there
was no mark or blow upon the captain’s
head. Suddenly I was aware of Da Costa’s
presence and turned. His unease was mani-

fest and held, it seemed to me, a queer,
furtive anxiety.

  “What you think of Olaf, sair?” he
asked. I shrugged my shoulders. “You
think he killed his woman and his babee?”
He went on. “You think he crazee and
killed all?”

  “Nonsense, Da Costa,” I answered.
“You saw the boat was gone. His crew
mutinied and tied him up the way you
saw.”

  Da Costa shook his head slowly. “No,”
he said. “No. The crew did not. Nobody
there on board when Olaf was tied.”

  “What!” I cried, startled. “What do
you mean?”

  “I mean,” he said slowly, “that Olaf tie
himself!”

  “Wait!” he went on at my incredulous
gesture of dissent. “Wait, I show you.”
He had been standing with hands behind
his back and now I saw that he held in
them the same thongs that had bound
Huldricksson. They were bloodstained and
each ended in a broad leather tip skill-
fully spliced into the cord. “Look!” he
said, pointing to these leather ends. I
looked and saw in them deep indentations
as of teeth. I snatched one of the thongs
and opened the mouth of the unconscious
man on the bunk. Carefully I placed the
leather within it and gently forced the
jaws shut on it. It was true. Those marks
were where Olaf Huldricksson’s teeth had
gripped! Dazed, I turned to Da Costa.

  “Wait!” he said again. “I show you.”
He took the cords and rested his hands
on the supports of a chair back. Rapidly
he twisted one of the thongs around his
left hand, drew a loose knot, shifted the
cord up toward his elbow. This left wrist
and hand still free and with them he
twisted the other cord around the right
wrist; drew a similar knot. His hands
were now in the exact position that Hul-
dricksson’s had been on the Brunhilda but
with cords and knots hanging loose. Then
Da Costa reached down his head, took
a leather end in his teeth and with a jerk
drew the end of the thong that noosed
his left hand tight; similarly he drew
tight the second.
14

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  And then he stood and strained at his
fetters. There before my eyes he had pin-
ioned himself so that without aid he could
not release himself. And he was exactly
as Huldricksson had been!

  “You will have to cut me loose, sair,”
he said. “I cannot move them. It is an
old trick on these seas. Sometimes it is
necessary that a man stand at the wheel
many hours, without help, and he does
this so that if he sleep the wheel wake
him, yes, sair.”

  I looked from him to the man on the
bed.

  “But why, sair,” said Da Costa slowly,
“did Olaf have to tie his hands?”

  I had no answer.

  “We’ll have to wait till he awakens,
captain,” I said. He nodded acquiescence
and was silent for a time. “What did you
think, sair, of what he said of sparkling
devils?” he asked at last. And as he spoke
I knew that this was what had been on
his mind all along. Clearly he knew some-
thing, had heard something, that gave
the words I had dismissed an unquieting
significance. I looked at him closely.

  “I don’t know,” I said. “Do you?”

  He fidgeted, avoided my eyes, and then
surreptitiously crossed himself.

  “No,” he replied. “I know nothing.
Some tilings I have heard, but they tell
many tales on these seas.”

  He turned, almost abruptly, and started
for the door. Before he reached it he
turned again. “But this I do know,” he
half whispered, “I do know I am glad
there is no full moon tonight.” He passed
out, leaving me staring after him in
amazement. What did the Portuguese
know?

  I bent over the sleeper. On his face was
no trace of that unholy mingling of oppo-
sites, of mingled joy and fear, that the
Dweller stamped upon its victims. But
with Da Costa’s revelations the security
I had felt in my theory of the prisoned
wrists crumbled. Huldricksson’s words
came back to me—“The sparkling devil
took them!” Nay, they had been even
more explicit—“The sparkling devil that
came down from the moon!”

  They sank upon my heart like weights,
carrying subconscious conviction that re-
sisted all my efforts to dismiss. I lifted
the sheet from Huldricksson and went over
his body minutely, turning it from side to
side. The Norseman was, as I have said,
a giant, and his mighty, muscled form was
clean and white as a girl’s. Nowhere was
there a trace of that cold, white stain which
was the mark of the touch of the Dweller
and that had been, on Throckmartin, a
shining cincture girdling the body just be-
low the heart.

  Throckmartin had believed, and I had
believed with him, that the thing I had
gone forth to find had no power outside
the islet of the moon door and that it was
only by virtue of that mark it had been
enabled to follow him. But was this true?
Huldricksson had been steering straight
for Ponape, not away from it—and there
was no trace of the Nan-Matal’s dread
mystery upon him.

  Had the Dweller swept down unheralded
and unknown upon the Brunhilda, draw-
ing down the moon path Olaf Huldricks-
son’s wife and babe even as it had drawn
Throckmartin? But if this were so then
I must revise much of what I thought I
knew of its action, for the ravishing of
the Brunhilda could mean only one of two
things: we had been wrong in our theory
that the Dweller’s power was limited by
place, or else in the years that had passed
its power had overcome that limitation.

  As I sat thinking, the cabin grew sud-
denly dark, and from above came a shout-
ing and patter of feet. Down upon us
swept one of the abrupt, violent squalls
that are met with in those latitudes. I
lashed Huldricksson fast in the berth and
ran up on deck.

A HALF hour passed. Then the squall
died as quickly as it had arisen. The
sea quieted. Over in the west, from be-
neath the tattered, flying edge of the
storm, dropped the setting sun.

  I watched it, and rubbed my eyes and
stared again. For over its flaming portal
something huge and black moved, like a
gigantic beckoning finger!
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

IS

  Da Costa had seen it, too, and he
turned the Suwarna straight toward the
descending orb and its strange shadows.
As we approached we saw it was a little
mass of wreckage and that the beckoning
finger was a wing of canvas, sticking up
and swaying with the motion of the waves.
On the highest point of the wreckage sat
a tall figure calmly smoking a cigarette.

  We brought the Suwarna to, dropped
a boat, and with myself as coxswain pulled
toward what I knew now was a wrecked
hydroplane. Its occupant took a long puff
at his cigarette, waved a cheerful hand,
and shouted a reassuring greeting. And
just as he did so a great wave raised itself
up behind him, took the wreckage, tossed
it high in a swelter of foam, and passed
on. When we had steadied our boat, where
wreck and man had been was—nothing.

  I scanned the water with anxious eyes.
Who had been this debonair castaway,
and from whence in these far seas had
dropped his plane? There came a tug at
the side of our boat, two muscular brown
hands gripped it close to my left, and
a sleek, black, wet head showed its top
between them. Two bright blue eyes that
held deep within them a laughing dev-
iltry looked into mine, and a long, lithe
body drew itself gently over the thwart
and seated its dripping self at my feet.

  “Much obliged,” said this man from
the sea. “I knew somebody was sure to
come along when the O’Keefe banshee
didn’t show up.”

  “The what?” I asked in amazement.
“The O’Keefe banshee. Oh, yes, pardon
me, I’m Larry O’Keefe. It’s a far way
from Ireland, but not too far for the
O’Keefe banshee to travel if the O’Keefe
was going to kick in.”

  I looked again at my astonishing res-
cue. He seemed perfectly serious, and later
I was to know how exasperatingly,
naively, and entirely serious he was on
that subject.

  “Have you a cigarette?” said Larry
O'Keefe. “Mine went out,” he added with
a grin, as he reached a moist hand out
for the little cylinder, took it, lighted it
on the match I struck for him, and then

gazed at me frankly and with manifest
curiosity. I returned the gaze as frankly.

  I saw a lean, intelligent face whose
fighting jaw was softened by the wistful-
ness of the clean-cut lips and the roguish-
ness that lay side by side with the deviltry
in the laughing blue eyes. Nose of a thor-
oughbred with the suspicion of a tilt.
A long, well-knit, slender figure that I
knew must have all the strength of fine
steel; the uniform of a lieutenant in the
Royal Flying Corps of Britain’s navy.

  He laughed, stretched out a firm hand,
and gripped mine.

  “Thank you really ever so much, old
man,” he said.

  I liked Larry O’Keefe from the begin-
ning, but I did not dream how that liking
was to be forged into man’s strong love
for man by fires which souls such as his
and mine—and yours who read this—could
never dream.

  Larry! Larry O’Keefe, where are you
now with your leprechawns and banshee,
your heart of a child, your laughing blue
eyes, and your fearless soul? Shall I ever
see you again, Larry O’Keefe, dear to
me as some best-beloved younger brother?
Larry!

CHAPTER III

LARRY O’KEEFE

PRESSING back the questions I longed
to ask, I introduced myself.

  A second later we touched the side of
the Suwarna, and I was forced to curb
my curiosity until we reached the deck.
Da Costa greeted us eagerly, and was
plainly gratified hv the military salute
which O’Keefe bestowed upon him.

  “You haven’t seen a German boat called
the Wolf about, have you?” he asked with
a grin, after he had elaborately thanked
the bowing little Portuguese skipper for
his rescue. “That thing you saw me sitting
on was all that was left of one of His Maj-
esty’s best little hydroplanes after that
cyclone threw it off as excess baggage.
And by the way, about where are we?”

  Da Costa gave him our approximate
position from the noon reckoning.
16

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  O’Keefe whistled. “A good three Tran-
dred miles from where I left the H. M. S.
Dolphin about four hours ago,” he said.
“That squall I rode in on was some whiz-
zer!

  “About an hour ago I thought I saw a
chance to dig up and out of it. I turned,
and blick went my upper right wing,
and down I dropped. Engine began to
work loose, and just as I knew something
had to come along quick or the banshee
of the O’Keefes was due for a long, swift
trip from Ireland, I sighted you.

  “And here I am, and again I say I’m
much obliged to you,” finished Larry
O’Keefe. “And I’ll take another cigarette,
if you don’t mind.”

  “I don’t know how we can notify your
ship, Lieutenant O’Keefe,” I said. “We
have no wireless.”

  “Doctair Goodwin,” said Da Costa, “we
could change our course, sair—perhaps—”
“Thanks, but not a bit of it,” broke in
O’Keefe. “Lord alone knows where the
Dolphin is now. Anyway, the Dolphin is
just as apt to run into you as you into
her. Maybe we’ll strike something with a
wireless, and I’ll trouble you to put me
aboard.” He hesitated. “Where are you
bound, by the way?” he asked.

  “For Ponape,” I answered.

  “No wireless there,” mused O’Keefe.
“Beastly hole. Stopped a week ago for
fruit. Natives seemed scared to death at
us—or something. What are you going
there for?”

  I saw Da Costa dart a furtive glance at
me. It troubled me. I had, of course, told
him nothing of the real reasons for my
journey, stating simply, when I had em-
ployed him, that I wished to go to Ponape
where the scientific work I had planned
might keep me many weeks. What did
the man know, I wondered, and what was
the explanation of his remarks in the
cabin and of his manifest unease?
O’Keefe’s sharp eyes had noted the glance
and, misinterpreting it and my consequent
hesitation, flushed in embarrassment.

“Oh, I beg your pardon,” he said.
“Maybe I oughtn’t to have asked that?”
“It’s no secret, lieutenant,” I replied,

somewhat testily. “I’m about to undertake
some exploration work there. A little dig-
ging among the ruins on the Nan-Matal.”

  I looked at the Portuguese sharply as
I named the place. I distinctly saw a pal-
lor creep under his skin and again he made
swiftly the sign of the cross, glancing as
he did so uneasily to the north. I made
up my mind then to question him when
opportunity came. He turned from his
quick scrutiny of the sea and addressed
O’Keefe.

  “There’s nothing on board to fit you,
lieutenant,” he said, looking over the tall
figure before him. “But perhaps we can
find something while your clothes dry.
Will you come to my cabin?”

  “Oh, just give me a sheet to throw
around me, captain,” said O’Keefe, fol-
lowing him. Darkness had fallen, and as
the two disappeared I softly opened the
door of my own cabin and listened. I
could hear Huldricksson breathing deeply.

  I drew my electric flash, and shielding
its rays from my face, looked at him.
His sleeping was changing from the heavy
stupor of the drug into one that was at
least on the borderland of the normal.
Satisfied as to his condition, I returned
to deck.

O’KEEFE was there on deck, looking
like a specter in the cotton sheet he
had wrapped about him. A deck table had
been cleated down and one of the Tonga
boys was setting it for our dinner. Soon
the very creditable larder of the Suwarna
dressed the board, and O’Keefe, Da Costa
and I attacked it. The night had grown
close and oppressive. Behind us the for-
ward light of the Brunhilda glided and the
binnacle lamp threw up a faint glow in
which her black helmsman’s face stood out
mistily. O’Keefe had looked curiously a
number of times at our tow, but had asked
no questions.

  “You’re not the only passenger we
picked up today,” I told him. “We found
the captain of that sloop, lashed to his
wheel, nearly dead with exhaustion, and
his boat deserted by every one except
himself.”
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

17

  “What was the matter?” asked O’Keefe
in astonishment.

  “We don’t know,” I answered. “He
fought us, and I had to drug him before
we could get him loose from his lashings.
He’s sleeping down in my berth now. His
wife and little girl ought to have been
on board, the captain here says, but—
they weren’t.”

“Any signs of a fight?” asked O'Keefe.
I shook my head, and again I saw Da
Costa swiftly cross himself. “We’ll have
to wait until he wakes up to get the story,”
I concluded.

  “Wife and child gone!” said O’Keefe.
“And you saw nothing?”

  “From the condition of his mouth he
must have been alone at the wheel and
without water at least two days and nights
before we found him,” I replied. “And as
for looking for anyone on these waters
after such a time, it’s hopeless.”

  “That’s true,” said O’Keefe. “But his
wife and baby! Poor, poor devil!”

  I watched O’Keefe as he talked, feeling
my liking for him steadily increasing. If
I could but have a man like this beside
me on the path of unknown peril upon
which I had set my feet, I thought wist-
fully. We sat and smoked a bit, sipping
the coffee the Portuguese made so well.

  Da Costa at last relieved the Cantonese
at the wheel. O’Keefe and I drew chairs
up to the rail. The brighter stars shone
out dimly through a hazy sky. Gleams of
phosphorescence tipped the crests of the
waves and sparkled with an almost angry
brilliance as the bow of the Suwarna
tossed them aside. Far to the east a faint
silver glow heralded the rising moon.
O’Keefe pulled contentedly at a cigarette.
The glowing spark lighted the keen, boyish
face and the blue eyes, now black and
brooding under the spell of the tropic
night.

  “Are you American or Irish, O’Keefe?”
I asked suddenly.

  “Why?” he laughed.

  “Because,” I answered, “from your
name and your service I would suppose
you Irish, but your command of pure
Americanese makes me doubtful.”

  He grinned amiably.

  “I’ll tell you how that is,” he said. “My
mother is an American—a Grace, of Vir-
ginia. My father was O’Keefe, of Cole-
raine. And these two loved each other so
well that the heart they gave me is half
Irish and half American. My father died
when I was sixteen. I used to go to the
States with my mother every other year
for a month or two. But after my father
died we used to go to Ireland every other
year. And there you are. I’m as American
as I am Irish.

  “When I’m in love, or excited, or
dreaming, or mad I have the brogue. But
for the every-day purposes of life I like
the United States talk, and I know Broad-
way as well as I do Binevenagh Lane, and
the Sound as well as St. Patrick’s Chan-
nel. Educated a bit at Eton, a bit at Ox-
ford, a bit at Harvard. Always too much
O’Keefe with Grace money to have to make
any. In love lots of times, and never a
heartache after that wasn’t a pleasant one,
and never a real purpose in life until I
took the king’s shilling and earned my
wings; always ready for adventure—Larry
O’Keefe.”

  “But it was the Irish O’Keefe who sat
out there waiting for the banshee,” I
laughed.

  “It was that,” he said somberly, and I
heard the brogue creep over his voice like
velvet and his eyes grew brooding again.
“There’s never an O’Keefe for these thou-
sand years that has passed without his
warning. An’ twice have I heard the ban-
shee calling—once it was when my younger
brother died an’ once when my father lay
waiting to be carried out on the ebb tide.”

  He mused a moment, then went on:
“An’ once I saw an Annir Choille, a girl
of the green people, flit like a shadow of
green fire through the Carntogher woods,
an’ once at Dunchraig I slept where the
ashes of the Dun of Cormac MacConcobar
are mixed with those of Cormac an’ Eilidh
the Fair, all burned in the nine flames that
sprang from the harping of Cravetbeen,
an’ I heard the echo of his dead harp-
ings—”

  He paused again, then, softly, with
18

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

that curiously sweet, high voice that only
the Irish seem to have, he sang:

   “Woman of the white breasts, Eilidh;
   Woman of the gold-brown hair, and lips
   of the red, red rowan,

  Where is the swan that is whiter, with
       breast more soft,

  Or the wave on ihe sea that moves as thou
       movest, Eilidh?”

CHAPTER IV

olaf’s story

THERE was a little silence. I looked
upon him with wonder. Clearly he
was in deepest earnest. I know the psy-
chology of the Gael is a curious one and
that deep in all their hearts their ancient
traditions and beliefs have strong and liv-
ing roots.

  Here was this soldier, facing war and
all its ugly realities open-eyed and fear-
less, picking, indeed, the most dangerous
branch of service for his own, a modern
if ever there was one, appreciative of most
unmystical Broadway and yet soberly and
earnestly attesting to his belief in banshee,
in shadowy people of the woods and phan-
tom harpers! I wondered what he would
think if he could see the Dweller and
then, with a pang, that perhaps his su-
perstitions might make him an easy prey.

  .For how then was I to have known that
Larry O’Keefe’s childlike faith in the
existence of these fantasies of the Gaelic
imagination was to prove not his weakness
but his strong buckler against creatures
that not even the imagination of his race
could conceive?

  I looked eastward where the moon, now
nearly a week past the full, was mounting.

  “You can’t make me see what you’ve
seen, lieutenant,” I laughed. “But you can
make me hear. I’ve always wondered what
kind of a noise a disembodied spirit could
possibly make without any vocal cords
or breath or any other earthly sound-pro-
ducing mechanism. How does the banshee
sound?”

  O’Keefe did not laugh. Instead, he
looked at me seriously.

“All right,” he said. “I’ll show you.”

From deep down in his throat came first
a low, weird sobbing that mounted steadily
into a keening whose mournfulness made
my skin creep. And then O’Keefe’s hand
shot out and gripped my shoulder, and
I stiffened like stone in my chair—for from
behind us. like an echo, and then taking
up the cry, swelled a wail that seemed to
hold within it a sublimation of the sor-
rows of centuries! It gathered itself into
one heartbroken, sobbing note and died
away! O’Keefe’s grip loosened, and he rose
swiftly to his feet.

  “It’s all right, Goodwin,” he said. “It’s
for me. It found me, all this way from
Ireland.”

  There was no trace of fear in face or
voice. “Buck up, professor,” laughed
O’Keefe. “There’s nothing for you to be
afraid of. And never yet was there an
O’Keefe who feared the kind spirit that
carries the warnin’.”

  Again the silence was rent by the cry.
But now I had located it. It came from
my room, and it could mean only one
thing. Huldricksson had wakened.

  “Forget your banshee!” I gasped, and
made a jump for the cabin.

  Out of the corner of my eye I noted a
look of half-sheepish relief flit over
O’Keefe’s face, and then he was beside
me. Da Costa shouted’an order from the
wheel, the Cantonese ran up and took it
from his hands and the little Portuguese
pattered down toward us. My hand on
the door, ready to throw it open, I stopped.
What if the Dweller were within? What if
the new power I feared it had attained
had made it not only independent of place
but independent of that full flood of moon
ray which Throckmartin had thought es-
sential to draw it from the blue pool!

  The Portuguese had paused, too, and
looking at him I saw my own cravenness
reflected. Now, from within, the sobbing
wail began once more to rise. O’Keefe
pushed me aside and with one quick mo-
tion threw open the door and crouched
low within it. I saw an automatic flash
dully in his hand; saw it cover the cabin
from side to side, following the swift sweep
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

19

of his eyes around it. Then he straightened
and his face, turned toward the berth, was
filled with wondering pity.

  Da Costa and I had stepped in behind
him. Through the window streamed a shaft
of the moonlight. It fell upon Huldricks-
son's staring eyes; in them great tears
slowly gathered and rolled down his
cheeks; from his opened mouth came the
woe-laden wailing. I ran to the port and
drew the curtains. Da Costa snapped the
lights.

  The Norseman’s dolorous crying stopped
as abruptly as though cut. His gaze rolled
toward us. And then his whole body red-
dened with a shock of rage, and at one
bound he broke through the strong leashes
1 had buckled round him and faced us, a
giant, naked figure tense with wrath, his
eyes glaring, his yellow hair almost erect
with the force of the passion visibly surg-
ing through him. Da Costa shrunk behind
me. O’Keefe, coolly watchful, took a quick
step that brought him in front of me.

  “Where do you take me?” said Hul-
dricksson, and his voice was thick as the
growl of a beast. ‘'Where is my boat?”

  I touched O’Keefe gently and stood in
front of the giant. He glared at me, and
I saw the muscles of the gigantic arms flex
and the hands below the bandaged wrist
clench. He was berserk—mad!

  “Listen, Olaf Huldricksson,” I said.
“We take you to where the sparkling devil
took your Helma and your Freda. We fol-
low the sparkling devil that came down
from the moon. Do you hear me?” I spoke
slowly, distinctly, striving to pierce the
mists that I knew swirled around the
strained brain. And the words did pierce.
He stared at me for a moment. I heard
O’Keefe murmur: “Good stuff! That’s the
idea. Humor him.” Huldricksson stared at
me and thrust out a shaking hand. As I
gripped it I saw his madness fade, while
his great chest heaved and fell. “You say
you follow?” he asked falteringly. “You
know where to follow? Where it took my
Helma and my little Freda?”

  “Just that, Olaf Huldricksson,” I an-
swered. “Just that! I pledge you my life
that I know.”

  Da Costa stepped forward. “He speaks
true, Olaf,” he said. “Dr. Goodwin here
he follow as he say. You go faster on the
Suwarna than on the Br-rw-an’ilda, Olaf,
yes.”

  The giant Norseman, still gripping my
hand, looked at him. “I know you Da
Costa,” he said. “You are all right. Ja!
You are a fair man. Where is the Brun-
hilda?”

  “She follow be’ind on a big rope, Olaf,”
soothed the Portuguese. “Soon you see her.
But now lie down an’ tell us, if you can,
why you tie yourself to your wheel an’
what it is that happen, Olaf.”

  “If you’ll tell us how the sparkling devil
came it will help us all when we get to
where it is, Huldricksson,” 1 said.

  On O’Keefe’s face there was an expres-
sion of well-nigh ludicrous doubt and
amazement. He glanced from one to the
other. The giant shifted his own tense
look from me to the Irishman. I saw a
gleam of approval in his eyes. He loosed
me, and gripped O’Keefe’s arm. “Staerkl”
he said. “Ja—strong and with a strong
heart. A man—ja! He comes, too—we
shall need him—ja?” He turned toward
me. I looked toward O’Keefe and saw his
doubt deepen.

  “He comes,” I said, “if he can.”

ONCE more Huldricksson searched me
with his glance; once more turned
and absorbed O’Keefe in the icy blue of
his eyes.

  “A man, ja,” he repeated. He pointed to
me. “And you—a man. ja! But not the
same as him—and me.”

  “I tell,” he said, and seated himself on
the side of the bunk. “It was four nights
ago. My Freda”—his voice shook—“Mine
Yndling! She loved the moonlight. I was
at the wheel and my Freda and my Helma
they were behind me. The moon was be-
hind us and the Brunhilda was like a swan-
boat sailing down with the moonlight send-
ing her, ja.

  “I heard my Freda say: ‘I see a nisse
coming down the track of the moon.’ And
I hear her mother laugh, low, like a mother
does when her Yndling dreams. I was
20

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

happy, that night, with my Helma and my
Freda, and the Brunhilda sailing like a
swan-boat, ja. I heard the child say, ‘The
nisse comes fast!’ And then I heard a
scream from my Helma, a great scream—
like a mare when her foal is torn from
her. I spun round fast, ja! I dropped the
wheel and spun fast! I saw—” He covered
his eyes with his hands.

   The Portuguese had crept close to me,
and 1 heard him panting like a frightened
dog. O’Keefe, immobile, watched the
Norseman narrowly. His hand fell and hate
crept into his eyes; a bitter hate; that
winged and white-hot hate that makes even
the gods tremble.

   “I saw a white fire spring over the rail,”
whispered Olaf Huldricksson. “It whirled
round and round, and it shone like—like
stars in a whirlwind mist. There was a
noise in my ears. It sounded like bells—
little bells, ja! Like the music you make
when you run your finger round goblets.
It made me sick and dizzy, the bells’ noise.

  “My Helma was—indeholde—what you
say—in the middle of the white fire. She
turned her face to me and she turned it on
the child, and my Helma’s face burned into
my heart. Because it was full of fear, and
it was full of happiness—of glyaede. I tell
you that the fear in my Helma’s face made
me ice here”—he beat his breast with
clenched hand—“but the happiness in it
burned on me like fire. And I could not
move.

   “I said in here”—he touched his head—
“I said, ‘It is Loki come out of Helvede.
But he cannot take my Helma, for Christ
•lives and Loki has no power to hurt my
Helma or my Frede! Christ lives! Christ
lives!’ I said. But the sparkling devil did
not let my Helma go. It drew her to the
rail; half over it. I saw her eyes upon the
child and a little she broke away and
reached to it. And my Freda jumped into
her arms. And the fire wrapped them both
and they w’ere gone! A little I saw them
whirling on the moon track behind the
Brunhilda, and they were gone!

   “The sparkling devil took them! Loki
was loosed, and he had power. I turned

the Brunhilda, and I followed where my
Helma and mine Yndling had gone. My
boys crept up and asked me to turn again.
But I would not. They dropped a boat and
left me. I steered straight on the path. I
lashed my hands to the wheel that sleep
might not loose them. 1 steered on and
on and on—

  “Where was the God I prayed when my
wife and child were taken?” cried Olaf
Huldricksson—and it was as though I
heard Throckmartin three years before
asking that same bitter question. “I have
left Him as He left me, ja! I pray now to
Thor and to Odin, who can fetter Loki!”
He sank back, covering again his eyes.

  “Olaf,” I said, “what you have called the
sparkling devil has taken ones dear to me.
I, too, was following it when we found
you. You shall go with me to its home,
and there we will try to take from it your
wife and child and my friends as well. But
now that you may be strong for what is
before us, you must sleep again.”

  “You speak the truth!” he said at last
slowly. “I will do what you say!”

  He stretched out an arm at my bidding.
I gave him a second injection. He lay back
and soon he was sleeping. I turned toward
Da Costa. His face was livid and sweat-
ing, and he was trembling pitifully.
O’Keefe stirred.

  “You did that mighty well, Dr. Good-
win,” he said. “So well that I almost be-
lieved you myself.”

  “What did you think of his story, Mr.
O’Keefe?” I asked.

  His answer was almost pitifully brief
and colloquial.

  “Nuts!” he said. I was a little shocked,
I admit. “I think he’s crazy, Dr. Good-
win,” he corrected himself, quickly. “What
else could I think?”

  I turned to the little Portuguese without
answering.

  “There’s no need for any anxiety to-
night, captain,” I said. “Take my word for
it. You need some rest yourself. Shall I
give you a sleeping draft?”

  “I do wish you would, Dr. Goodwin,
sair,” he answered gratefully. “Tomorrow,
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

21

when I feel bettair, I would have a talk
with you.”

  I nodded. He had known something
then! I mixed him an opiate of consider-
able strength. He bowed and went to his
own cabin.

  I locked the door behind him and then,
sitting beside the sleeping Norseman, I told
O’Keefe my story from end to end. He
asked few questions as T spoke; only
watched me with a somewhat disconcert-
ing intensity. In the main his inquiries
dealt with the sound phenomena accom-
panying the apparition of the Dweller. He
made a few somewhat startling interrup-
tions dealing with Throckmartin’s psychol-
ogy. And after I had finished he cross-
examined me rather minutely upon my
recollections of the radiant phases upon
each appearance, checking these with
Throckmartin’s observations of the same
activities in the Chamber of the Moon
Pool.

  “And now what do you think of it all?”
1 asked.

  He sat silent for a while.

  “Not what you seem to think, Dr. Good-
win,” he answered at last, gravely. “Let
me sleep over it and, like the captain,
I’ll tell you tomorrow. One thing of course
is certain—you and your friend Throck-
martin and this man here saw—something.
But”—he was silent again and then con-
tinued with a kindness that I found
vaguely irritating—“but I’ve noticed that
when a scientist gets superstitious it—er—
takes very hard!

  “Here’s a few things I can tell you now,
though,” went on O’Keefe, while I
struggled to speak. “I pray in my heart
that the old Dolphin is so busy she’ll for-
get me for a while and that we won’t
meet anything with wireless on board her
going up. Because, Dr. Goodwin, I’d dearly
love to take a crack at your Dweller.

  “And another thing,” said Larry
O’Keefe. “After this cut out the trim-
mings, Doc, and call me plain Larry, for
whether I think you’re crazy or whether
I don’t you're there with the nerve, pro-
fessor, and I’m for you.

  “Good night!” said Larry O’Keefe and
took himself out to the deck hammock he
had insisted upon having slung for him,
refusing the captain’s importunities to use
his own cabin.

  And it was with extremely mixed emo-
tions as to his compliment that I watched
him go. Superstitious! I, whose pride was
my scientific devotion to fact and fact
alone! Superstitious—and this from a man
who believed in banshees and ghostly
harpers and Irish wood nymphs and no
doubt in leprechawns and all their tribe!

  Half laughing, half irritated and wholly
happy in even the part promise of Larry
O’Keefe’s comradeship on my venture, I
arranged a couple of pillows, stretched
myself out on two chairs and took up my
vigil beside Olaf Huldricksson.

CHAPTER V

A LOST PAGE OF EARTH

WHEN I awakened the sun was
streaming through the cabin port-
hole. Outside a fresh voice lilted. I lay
on my two chairs and listened. The song
was one with the wholesome sunshine and
the breeze blowing stiffly and whipping the
curtains. It was Larry O’Keefe at his
matins.

  I opened my door. O’Keefe stood out-
side laughing. Behind him the Tonga boys
clustered, wide-toothed and adoring. Even
the Cantonese mate had something on his
face that served for a grin and Da Costa
was beaming. I closed the door behind me.

  The Sicwarna, her engines silent, was
making fine headway under all sail, the
Brunhilda skipping in her wake cheer-
fully with half her canvas up.

  The sea was crisping and dimpling under
the wind. Blue and white was the world
as far as the eye could reach. Schools of
little silvery green flying fish broke through
the water rushing on each side of us;
flashed for an instant and were gone.
Behind us gulls hovered and dipped. The
shadow of mystery had retreated far over
the rim of this wide awake and beautiful
world. And if, subconsciously, I knew that
22

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

somewhere it was brooding and waiting, for
a little while at least I was consciously
free of its oppression.

  “How’s the patient?” asked O’Keefe.

  He was answered by Huldricksson him-
self, who must have risen just as I left
the cabin. The great Norseman had slipped
on a pair of pajamas and, giant torso naked
under the sun, he strode out upon us.
We all of us looked at him a trifle
anxiously. But Olaf’s madness had left
him. His face was still drawn and in his
eyes was much sorrow, but the berserk
rage had vanished. He stretched out a
hand to us in turn.

  “This is Dr. Goodwin, Olaf,” said Da
Costa. “An’ this is Lieutenant O’Keefe
of the English Navy.”

  Huldricksson bowed, with a touch of
grace that revealed him not all rough sea-
man—and indeed, as I was later to find,
the Norwegian had been given gentle up-
bringing and a fair education before the
wanderlust of his race had swept him into
these far seas.

  He addressed himself straight to me:
“You said last night we follow?”

  I nodded.

  “It is where?” he asked again.

  “We go first to Ponape and from there
to Metalanim Harbor—to the Nan-Matal.
You know the place?”

  Huldricksson bowed, a white gleam as
of ice showing in his blue eyes.

  “It is there?” he asked.

  “It is there that we must first search,”
I answered.

  “Good!” said Olaf Huldricksson. “It is
good!”

  He looked at Da Costa inquiringly and
the little Portuguese, following his thought
answered his unspoken question.

  “We should be at Ponape tomorrow
morning early, Olaf.”

  “Good!” repeated the Norseman. He
looked away, his eyes tear filled.

  A restraint fell upon us; the embarrass-
ment all men experience when they feel
a great sympathy and a great pity, neither
of which they quite know how to give
expression. By silent consent we discussed

at breakfast only the most casual topics

  When the meal was over Huldricksson
expressed a desire to go aboard the Brun-
hilda.

  The Suwarna hove to and Da Costa and
he dropped into the small boat. When they
reached the Brunhilda’s deck I saw Olaf
take the wheel and the two fall into earnest
talk. I beckoned to O’Keefe and we
stretched ourselves out on the bow hatch
under cover of the foresail. He lighted
a cigarette, took a couple of leisurely puffs,
and looked at me expectantly.

  “Well,” I asked, “and what do you
think of it now?”

  “Well,” said O’Keefe, “suppose you tell
me what you think, and then I’ll proceed
to point out your scientific errors.” His
eyes twinkled mischievously.

“T THINK,” I said, “it is possible that
1 some members of that race peopling
the ancient continent which we know ex-
isted here in the Pacific and which was
destroyed by a comparatively gradual sub-
sidence, have survived. We know that
many of these islands are honey-combed
with caverns and vast subterranean spaces
too great to be so called. These are liter-
ally underground lands, running in many
cases far out beneath the ocean floor. It
is possible that for some reason the sur-
vivors of this race of which I speak sought
refuge in these abysmal spaces, one of
whose entrances is on the island where
Throckmartin’s party met its end.

  “As for their persistence in these cav
erns, we know the lost people possessed
a high science. This is indisputable. It
may be that they had gone far in their
mastery of certain universal forms of
energy. They may have discovered the
secret of that form of magnetic etheric
vibration we call light. If so, they would
have had no difficulty in maintaining life
down there, and, indeed, shielded by
earth’s crust from the natural forces which
always have surface man more or less at
their mercy, they may have developed a
civilization and extended a science im-
mensely more advanced than ours. And
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

23

unless they have also developed a complete
indifference to conquest and an inflexible
determination never to come forth from
their world, they must always continue to
be a potential menace to our world.”

  I paused. His keen face was now all
eager attention.

  “Have you ever heard of the Chamats?”
I asked him. He shook his head.

  “In Papua,” I explained, “there is a
widespread and immeasurably old tradi-
tion that ‘imprisoned under the hills’ is
a race of giants who once ruled this region
‘when it stretched from sun to sun’ and
‘before the moon god drew the waters
over it’—I quote from the legend. Not
only in Papua but in Borneo and Java and
in fact throughout Malaysia you find this
story. And, so the tradition runs, these
people—the Chamats—will one day break
through the hills and rule the world;
‘make over the world’ is the literal transla-
tion of the constant phrase in the tale.
Does this convey anything to you, Larry?”
“Something,” he nodded. “Go on.”

  “It conveys something to me,” I said,
“especially in the light of what Throck-
martin heard and saw and what Huldricks-
son and I witnessed.

  “It is possible that these survivors are
experimenting with their science, and that
what I call ‘the Dweller’ is one of their
results. Or it may be that the phenomenon
is something that they created long ago
and control of which they may have lost.
Or again it may be some unknown energy
that they found when they entered their
subterranean realm and which they have
learned to control or which controls them.

  “This much is sure—the moon door,
which is clearly operated by the action
of moonlight upon some unknown element
or combination in much the same way
that the metal selenium functions under
sun rays or the electric light, and the crys-
tals through which the moon rays pour
down upon the pool their prismatic col-
umns, are humanly made mechanisms.

  “Set within the ruins they would seem
to argue for the ancientness of the work.
But who can tell when moon door and

 moon lights were set in their places?
 Nevertheless, so long as they are humanly
 made, and so long as it is this flood of
 moonlight from which the Dweller draws
 its power of materialization, the Dweller
 itself, if not the product of the human
 mind is at least dependent upon the prod-
 uct of the human mind for its appearance.”

   My pride in this analysis was short
 lived.

   “Wait a minute, Goodwin,” said O’Keefe.
 “Do you mean to say you think that this
 thing is made of—well, of moonshine?”

   “Moonlight,” I replied, “is, of course,
 reflected sunlight. But the rays which pass
 back to earth after their impact on the
 moon’s surface are profoundly changed.
 The spectroscope shows that they lose
 practically all the slower vibrations we

•	call red and infra-red, while the extremely
 rapid vibrations we call the violet and
 ultra-violet are accelerated and altered.
 Many scientists hold that there is an
 unknown element in the moon—perhaps
 that which makes the gigantic luminous
 trails that radiate in all directions from
 the lunar crater Tycho—whose energies
 are absorbed by and carried on the moon
 rays.

   “At any rate, whether by the loss of
 the vibrations of the red or by the addi-
 tion of this mysterious force, the light of
 the moon becomes something entirely dif-
 ferent from mere modified sunlight—just
 as the addition or subtraction of one other
 chemical in a compound of several makes
 the product a substance with entirely dif-
 ferent energies and potentialities.

   “Now these rays are given perhaps still
 another mysterious activity by the trans-
 parent globes through which Throck-
 martin told me they passed in the Cham-
 ber of the Moon Pool and whose colors
 they take. The result is the necessary fac-
 tor in the formation of the Dweller. There
 would be nothing scientifically improbable
 in such a process, Larry.

   “We know the extraordinary effect of
 the Finsen rays, which are only the con-
 centration of the chemical energies in the
 green and blue of the spectrum, upon
24

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

malignant cell growths in the human body;
and we know that the X-ray can dissolve
the normal barrier of matter for us, making
the solid transparent. We do not begin
to know how to harness the potentialities
of light. This hidden race may have
learned; and learning, may have created
forms with powers undreamed by us.”

“T ISTEN, Doc,” said Larry earnestly,
1-^ “I’ll take everything you say about
this lost continent, the people who used to
live on it, and their caverns, for granted.
But by the sword of Brian Boru, you’ll
never get me to fall for the idea that a
bunch of moonshine can handle a big
woman such as you say Throckmartin’s
Thora was, nor a two-fisted man such as
you say Throckmartin was. You’ll never
get me to believe that any bunch of con-
centrated moonshine could handle them
and take them waltzing off along a moon-
beam back to wherever it goes. No Doc,
not on your life.”

  “I’ve told you that what you call moon-
shine is an aggregate of vibrations with
immense potential power, Larry,” I an-
swered, considerably irritated. “What we
call matter is nothing but a collection of
infinitely small particles of electricity—
electrons; and the way the electrons are
grouped makes of matter man or wood or
metal or stone. Light is a magnetic vibra-
tion of the ether and is probably com-
posed of similar particles of electricity
but functioning in another way from the
particles that make matter. Learn the
secret of making light and you come close
to learning the secret of matter.

  “Why, if you could take all the energy
out of the sunshine that in one minute
covers one square foot of earth, you could
blast all of earth to bits. And your won-
derful radio is nothing but vibrations, yet
it carries words around the world with
almost the speed of light itself—”

“No,” he interrupted. “You’re wrong.”
“All right O’Keefe,” I answered, now
very much irritated indeed. “What’s your
theory?” And I could not resist adding:
“Fairies?”

    “Professor,” he grinned, “if it’s a fairy
 it’s Irish and when it sees me it’ll be so
 glad there’ll be nothing to it. ‘I was lost,
 strayed or stolen, Larry avick,’ it’ll say,
 ‘an’ I was so homesick for the old sod I
 was desp’rit,’ it’ll say, ‘an’ take me back
 quick before I do any more har-rm!’ It’ll
 tell me—an’ that’s the truth.”

    I forgot my chagrin in our laughter.

    “But I’ll tell you what I think,” he said
 soberly. “Back at the first battle of the
 Marne there were any number of English-
 men who thought they saw the old archers
 of Crecy and Agincourt, dead these half
 dozen centuries, twanging phantom
 bows and shooting down the enemy by the
 hundred. And you can find thousands of
 Frenchmen who saw Joan of Arc and Na-
 poleon regularly. It’s what the doctors

•	call collective hallucination. Somebody sees
  something a little queer; his imagination
  gets to work hard because his nerves are
  pretty well strained anyway, he says to
  the next fellow: ‘Don’t you see it?’ and
  the next fellow says, ‘Sure I see it, too!’
  And there you are—bowmen of Mons, St.
  George on his white horse, Joan in armor,
  and all the rest of it.”

   “If you think that explains Throck-
 martin and myself, how do you explain
 Huldricksson, who never saw Throck-
 martin and didn’t see me before the Thing
 came to the BrunhildaV* I asked with, I
 admit, some heat.

   “Now don’t get me wrong,” replied
 Larry. “I believe you all saw something
 all right. But what I think you saw was
 some kind of gas. All this region is vol-
 canic and islands and things are constantly
 poking up from the sea. It’s probably gas;
 a volcanic emanation; something new to us
 and that drives you crazy—lots of kinds
 of gas do that.

    “It hit the Throckmartin party on that
 island and they probably were all more
 or less delirious all the time; thought they
 saw things; talked it over and—collective
 hallucination. When they got it bad they
 most likely jumped overboard one by one.
 Huldricksson sails into a place where it
 is and it hits his wife. She grabs the child
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

25

and jumps overboard. Maybe the moon
rays make it luminous.”

  “But that doesn’t explain the moon door
and the phenomena of the lights in the
Chamber of the Pool,” I said at last.

  “You haven’t seen them, have you?”
asked Larry. “And Throckmartin admitted
he was pretty nearly crazy when he
thought he did. Well!”

  For a time I was silent.

  “Larry,” I said at last, “whether you
are right or I am right, I must go to the
Nan-Matal. Will you go with me, Larry?”
“Goodwin,” he replied, “I surely will.
I'm as interested as you are. If I’m re-
ported dead for a while, there’s nobody
to care. So that’s all right. Only, old man,
be reasonable. You’ve thought over this
so long, you’re going bugs, honestly you
are.”

  And again, the gladness that I might
have Larry O’Keefe with me, was so great
that I forgot to be angry.

CHAPTER VI

  THE MOON DOOR OPENS-AND SHUTS

DA COSTA, who had come aboard un-
noticed by either of us, now tapped
me on the arm.

  “Doctair Goodwin,” he said, “can I see
you in my cabin, sair?”

  At last, then, he was going to speak.
I followed him.

  “Doctair,” he said, when we had en-
lered, “this is a veree strange thing that
has happened to Olaf. Veree strange. An’
the natives of Ponape, they have been very
much excite’ lately. An’ none go near the
Nan-Matal now, for they say the spirits
have got great power and are angree be-
cause of that othair partee which they
take.

  “Of what they fear I know nothing,
nothing!” Again that quick, furtive cross-
ing of himself. “But this I have % tell
you. There came to me from Ranaloa last
month a man, a German, a doctair, like
you. His name it was Von Hetzdorp. I
take him to Ponape an’ the natives there,
they will not take him to the Nan-Matal,

where he wish to go. So I take him. We
leave in a boat, with much instrument care-
fully tied up. I leave him there wit’ the
boat an’ the food. He tell me to tell no
one an’ pay me not to. But you are a
friend an’ Olaf he depend much upon you
an’ so I tell you, sair.”

  “You know nothing more than this, Da
Costa?” I asked. “You’re sure?”

  “Nothing! Nothing more!” he answered.
But I was not so sure. Later I told
O’Keefe.

  The next morning we raised Ponape,
without further incident, and before noon
the Suwarna and the Brunhilda had
dropped anchor in the harbor. Upon the
excitement and manifest dread of the na-
tives, when we sought among them for
carriers and workmen to accompany us,
I will not dwell. No payment we offered
would induce a single one of them to go
to the Nan-Matal. Nor would they say
why.

  They were sullen and panicky, and I
think the most disconcerting thing of all
in their attitude, was the open relief they
showed when they learned that a British
warship might steam in, seeking,O’Keefe.
It indicated that their fear was deep-rooted
and real, indeed.

  We piled the longboat up with my in-
struments and food and camping equip-
ment. The Suwarna took us around to
Metalanim Harbor, and there, with the
tops of ancient sea walls deep in the blue
water beneath us, and the ruins looming
up out of the mangroves, a scant mile from
us, left us.

  Da Costa’s anxiety and uneasiness were
almost pitiful. There were tears in the eyes
of the little Portuguese when he bade us
farewell, invoking all the saints to stand
by and protect us; and the sorrow in his
face and the fervor of his parting grip
were eloquent of his conviction that never
again would he behold us.

  Then, with Huldricksson manipulating
our small sail and Larry at the rudder,
we rounded the titanic wall that swept
down into the depths, passed monoliths,
standing like gigantic sentinels upon its
26

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

shattered verge. We turned at last into
the canal that Throckmartin, on his map,
had marked as the passage which led
straight to that place of ancient mysteries
where the moon door is portal of that
dread chamber wherein the Dweller made
itself manifest.

  And as we entered that channel we were
enveloped by a silence; a silence so in-
tense, so weighted, that it seemed to have
substance; an alien silence that clung
and stifled and still stood aloof from us,
the living.

  Standing down in the chambered depths
of the Great Pyramid I had known some-
thing of such silence, but never such in-
tensity as this. Larry felt it and I saw
him look at me askance. If Olaf, sitting in
the bow, felt it, too, he gave no sign. His
blue eyes, with again the glint of ice
within them watched the channel before us.

  As we passed, there arose upon our left
sheer walls of black basalt blocks, cyclo-
pean, towering fifty feet or more, broken
here and there by the sinking of their deep
foundations. And only where they had so
broken, had the hand of time been able
to crumble them. From these dark ram-
parts the silence seemed to ooze, and my
skin crept as though from hidden places
in them scores of eyes, ages dead, peered
out at us, like ghosts of a lost Atlantis.

  In front of us the mangroves widened
out and filled the canal. On our right the
lesser walls of Tau, somber blocks
smoothed and squared and set with a cold,
mathematical nicety, that filled me with
vague awe, slipped by. Through breaks
I caught glimpses of dark ruins and of
great fallen stones that seemed to crouch
and menace us as we passed. Somewhere
there, hidden, were the seven globes that
poured the moon fire down upon the Moon
Pool.

  Now we were among the mangroves and,
sail down, the three of us pushed and
pulled the boat through their tangled roots
and branches. The noise of our passing
split the silence, like a profanation, and
from the ancient bastions came murmurs
—forbidding, strangely sinister. And now

we were through, floating on a little open
space of shadow-filled water. Before us
lifted the gateway of Nan-Tanach, gigan-
tic, broken, incredibly old. Shattered por-
tals through which had passed men and
women of earth’s dawn; old with a weight
of years that pressed leadenly upon the
eyes that looked upon it, and yet in some
curious, indefinable way—menacingly de-
fiant.

  Beyond the gate, back from the portals,
stretched a flight of enormous basalt slabs,
a giant’s stairway indeed; and from each
side of it marched the high walls that
were the Dweller’s pathway. None of us
spoke as we grounded the boat and
dragged it up upon a half-submerged pier.

  “What next?” whispered Larry, at last.

  “I think we ought to take a look
around,” I replied in the same low tones.
“We’ll climb the wall here and take a
flash about. The whole place ought to be
plain as day from that height.”

  Huldricksson, his blue eyes alert,
nodded. With the greatest of difficulty we
clambered up the broken blocks, the
giant Norseman at times lifting me like
a child, and stood at last upon the broad
top. From this vantage-point, not only the
whole of Nan-Tanach, but all of the Nan-
Matal lay at our feet.

TO THE east and south of us, set like
children’s blocks in the midst of the
sapphire sea, were dozens of islets, none
of them covering more than two square
miles of surface; each of them a perfect
square or oblong within its protecting
walls. Behind these walls were grouped
ruins—houses, temples, palaces, all the
varying abodes of men. On none was there
sign of life, save for a few great birds
that hovered here and there and gulls
dipping in the blue waves beyond.

  We turned our gaze down upon the
island on which we stood. It was, I esti-
mated, about three-quarters of a mile
square. The sea wall enclosed it like the
sides of a gigantic box. It was really an
enormous basalt-sided open cube, and
within it two other open cubes. The en-
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

27

closure between the first and second wall
was stone paved, with here and there a
broken pillar and long stone benches.

  The hibiscus, the aloe-tree and a num-
ber of small shrubs had found place, but
seemed only to intensify its stark loneli-
ness. It came to me that this had been
the assembling place of those who, thou-
sands upon thousands of years ago, had
gathered within this citadel of mystery.
Beyond the wall that was its farther boun-
dary was a second enclosure, littered with
broken pillars, fragments of stone and nu-
merous small structures; and the second
enclosure’s limit was the third wall, a
terrace not more than twenty feet high.
Within it was what had been without
doubt the heart of Nan-Tanach—an open
space three hundred feet square; at each
of its corners a temple.

  Directly before us, black and staring like
an eyeless socket, was the entrance to the
“treasure-house of Chau-ta-Leur” the sun
king. The blocks that had formed its doors
lay shattered beside it. And opposite it
should be, if Throckmartin’s story had not
been a dream, the gray slab he had named
the moon door.

  ‘‘Wonder where the German fellow can
be?” asked Larry.

  I shook my head. There was no sign of
life here. Had Von Hetzdorp gone, or had
the Dweller taken him, too? Whatever had
happened, there was no trace of him below
us or on any of the islets within our range
of vision. We scrambled down the side
of the gateway. Olaf looked at me wist-
fully.

  “We start the search now, Olaf,” I said.
“And first, O’Keefe, let us see whether
the gray stone is really here. After that
we will set up camp, and while I unpack,
you and Olaf search the island. It won’t
take long.”

  Larry gave a look at his service auto-
matic and grinned. We made our way up
the steps, through the outer enclosures
and into the central square. I confess to
a fire of scientific curiosity and eagerness
tinged with a dread that O’Keefe’s analysis
might be true. Would we find the mov-

ing slab and, if so, would it be as Throck-
martin had described? It so, then even
Larry would have to admit that here
was something that theories of gases
and luminous emanations would not
explain; and the first test of the whole
amazing story would be passed. But if
not—

  And there before us, the faintest tinge
of gray setting it apart from its neighbor-
ing blocks of basalt, was the moon door!

  There was no mistaking it. This was,
in very deed, the portal through which Dr.
Throckmartin had seen pass that glori-
ously dreadful apparition he called the
Dweller; through it the Dweller had borne
in an embrace of living light first Thora,
Mrs. Throckmartin’s maid, and then Dr.
Stanton, his youthful colleague. And
through it at last had gone Throckmartin,
down the shining tunnel beyond, whose
luminous lure led to that enchanted cham-
ber into which streamed the seven moon
torrents that drew the Dweller from the
wondrous pool that was its lair.

  Across its threshold had raced Edith
Throckmartin, my lost friend’s young
bride, fearlessly flying down that haunted
passage to aid her husband in his fruit-
less fight against the Thing—and out of
it he himself had rushed, a mercilful dark-
ness shrouding consciousness and sight,
after he had watched her sink, slowly sink,
down through the blue waters of the moon
pool, wrapped in the Dweller’s coruscating
folds, to—what?

  And then there seemed to drift out
through the stone to face me that inex-
plicable being of swirling, spiraling plumes
and jets of sparkling opalescence, of
crystal sweet chimings, of murmuring sigh-
ings that Throckmartin had told me
stamped upon the faces of its prey wedded
anguish and rapture, terror and ecstasy
commingled, joy of heaven and agony of
hell, the seal of God and devil monstrously
mated. The Thing that my own eyes had
seen clasp Throckmartin in our cabin of
the Southern Queen and draw him swiftly
down the moon path.

  What was that portal, more enigmatic
28

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

than was ever sphinx? And wrhat lay be-
yond it? What did that smooth stone,
whose wan deadness whispered of ages old
corridors of time opening out into alien,
unimaginable vistas, bide? It had cost
the world of science Throckmartin’s great
brain, as it had cost Throckmartin those
he loved. It had drawn me to it in search
of Throckmartin, and its shadow had fal-
len upon the soul of Olaf the Norseman;
and upon what thousands upon thousands
more, I wondered, since the brains that
had conceived it had vanished?

  Did the Dweller lurk behind it in wait
for us? When we found its open-sesame
would we find within truths of our world’s
youth to which the riches of Ali Baba’s
cave were but dross? Was there that with-
in which would force science to recast its
hard won theories of humanity, of its evo-
lution, of its painful progress from brute
to what we call man? Or would we loose
upon the world some nameless, blasting
evil, some survival of our planet’s night-
mare hours, some supernormal, inhuman
thing spawned by unthinkable travail in
a hidden cavern of mother earth?

  A barrier of unknown stone—fifteen feet
high and ten feet wide; and yet it might
bar the way to a lost paradise or hold
back a hell undreamed by even cruelest
brains 1 What lay beyond it?

SWIFTLY the thoughts raced through
my mind as I stood staring at the
gray slab and then through me passed a
wave of weakness. And not until then
did I realize the intense, subconscious
anxiety that had possessed me.

  I stretched out a shaking hand and
touched the surface of the slab. A faint
thrill passed through my hand and arm,
oddly unfamiliar and as oddly pleasant;
as of electric contact holding the very
essence of cold. O’Keefe, watching, imi-
tated my action. As his fingers rested on
the stone his face filled with astonishment.
In Huldricksson’s eyes was mingled hope
and despair. I beckoned him; he laid a
hand on the slab and swiftly withdrew it.
But 1 saw the despair die from his face,

leaving only eagerness, a sudden hope.

  “It is the door!” he said. I nodded.
There was a low whistle of astonishment
from O’Keefe and he pointed up toward
the top of the gray stone. I followed the
gesture and saw, above the moon door
and on each side of it, two gently curving
bosses of rock, perhaps a foot in diameter.

  “The moon door’s keys,” I said.

  “It begins to look so,” answered Larry.
“If we can find them,” he added.

  “There’s nothing we can do till moon-
rise,” I replied. “And we've none too much
time to prepare as it is. Come!”

  But stark lonely as was that place, I
felt, as we passed out, as though eyes were
upon me, watching with an intensity of
malevolence, a bitter hatred. Olaf must
have felt it, too, for I saw him glance
sharply around and his face hardened.
I said nothing, however, nor did he; and
a little later we were beside our boat.
WTe lightered it, set up the tent, and as
it was now but a short hour to sundown
I told them to leave me and' make their
search. They went off together, and I
busied myself with opening some of the
paraphernalia I had brought with me.

  First of all I took out two Becquerel
ray-condensers that I had bought in New
York. Their lenses would collect and in-
tensify to the fullest extent any light di-
rected upon them. I had found them most
useful in making spectroscopic analysis of
luminous vapors, and I knew that at
Yerkes Observatory splendid results had
been obtained from them in collecting the
diffused radiance of the negulae for the
same purpose.

  It was my theory that the mechanism
operating the moon door responded only
to the force of the full light of the moon
shining through the seven little circles
which Throckmartin had discovered set
within each of the bosses above it; just as
the Dweller could materialize only under
the same full-moon force shining through
the varicolored lights. Obviously the time,
then, of the door’s opening and the phe-
nomenon’s materialization must coincide.

  With the moon only a few days past
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

29

its full, it was practically certain that by
setting the Becquerel condensers above the
bosses I could concentrate enough light
upon the circles to set the opening mechan-
ism in motion. And as the ray stream from
the waning moon was insufficient to ener-
gize the pool, we could enter the chamber
free from any fear of encountering its
tenant, make our preliminary observations
and go forth before the satellite had
dropped so far that the concentration in
the condensers would fall below that neces-
sary to keep the slab from closing.

  I took out also a small spectroscope,
easily carried and a few other small in-
struments for the analysis of certain light
manifestations and the testing of metal and
liquid. Finally, I put aside my emergency
medical kit.

  I had hardly finished examining and ad-
justing these before O’Keefe and Hul-
dricksson returned. They reported signs of
a camp at least ten days old beside the
northern wall of the outer court, but be-
yond that no evidence of others beyond
ourselves on Nan-Tanach. Moonrise would
not occur until nine-thirty, and until then
there was no use of attacking the moon
door.

  We prepared supper, ate and talked a
little, but for the most part were silent.
Even Larry’s high spirits were not in evi-
dence; half a dozen times I saw him take
out his automatic and look it over. He
was more thoughtful than I had ever seen
him. Once he went into the tent, rum-
maged about a bit and brought out an-

other revolver which, he said, he had got
from Da Costa, and a half-dozen clips
of cartridges. He passed the gun to OJaf.

  At last a glow in the southeast heralded
the rising moon. I picked up my instru-
ments and the medical kit; Larry and Olaf
shouldered each a short ladder that was
part of my equipment. With our electric
flashes pointing the way, we walked up the
great stairs, through the enclosures, and
straight to the gray stone.

  By this time the moon had risen and
its clipped light shone full upon the slab.
I saw faint gleams pass over it as of fleet-
ing phosphorescence, but so faint were
they that I could not be sure of the truth
of my observation. The base of the gray
stone bisected a curious cuplike depres-
sion whose perfectly rounded sides were
as smooth as though they had been pol-
ished by a jeweler. This half cup was, at
its deepest, two and a half feet, and its
lip joined the basalt pavement four feet
from the barrier of the great slab.

WE SET the ladders in place. Olaf
I assigned to stand before the door
and watch for the first signs of its open-
ing—if open it should—and the big sailor
accepted the post eagerly, thinking, I sup-
pose, that it would bring him nearer the
loved ones he now was sure were within.
The Becquerals were set within three-inch
tripods, whose feet I had equipped with
vacuum rings to enable them to hold fast
to the rock.

  I scaled one ladder and fastened a con-

Many Never Suspect
       Cause Of Backaches

            This Old Treatment Often Brings Happy Relief

Many sufferers relieve nagging backache
quickly, once they discover that the real cause
of their trouble may be tired kidneys.

The kidneys are Nature’s chief way of tak-
ing the excess acids and waste out of the blood.

Most people pass about 3 pints a day or about
3 pounds of waste.

Frequent or scanty passages with smarting
and burning shows there may be something
wrong with your kidneys or bladder.

An excess of acids or poisons in your blood.

 when due to functional kidney disorders, may
 be the cause of nagging backache, rheumatic
 pains, leg pains, loss of pep and energy, getting
 up nights, swelling, puffiness under the eyes,
 headaches and dizziness.

   Don’t wait! Ask your druggist for Doan’s
 Pills, used successfully by millions for over 40
 years. They give happy relief and will help the
 15 miles of kidney tubes flush out poisonous
 waste from your blood. Get Doan’s Pills.

(AUV.
30

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

denser over the boss; descended; sent
Larry up to watch it, and, ascending the
sccond ladder, rapidly fixed the other in
:* nlare Then, with O'Keefe watchful on
his perch, I on mine and Olaf’s eyes fixed
i.puii me moon door, we began our vigil.
Suddenly there was an exclamation from
Larry.

  “Seven little lights are beginning to glow
on this stone, Goodwin!” he cried.

  But I had already seen those beneath
my lens begin to gleam out with a silvery
luster. Swiftly the rays within the con-
denser began to thicken and increase, and
as they did so the seven small circles
waxed like stars growing out of the dusk,
and with a queer—curdled is the best word
I can find to define it—luster entirely
strange to me.

  I placed a finger upon one of them and
received a shock such as I had felt on
touching the moon door, only greatly in-
tensified. Clearly a current of some kind
was set up within the substance when the
moonlight fell upon it. And now the lights
were glowing steadily. Beneath me I heard
a faint, sighing murmur and then the voice
of Huldricksson:

•	“It opens—the stone turns—”

  I began to climb down the ladder.
Again came Olaf’s voice:

  “The stone—it is open—” And then a
shriek that came from the very core of
his heart; a wail of blended anguish and
pity, of rage and despair—and the sound
of swift footsteps racing through the wall
beneath me!

  I dropped to the ground. The moon door
was wide open, and through it I caught
a glimpse of a corridor filled with a faint,
pearly vaporous light like earliest misty
dawn. But of Olaf I could see nothing!
And even as I stood, gaping, from behind

me came the sharp crack of a rifle. I saw
the glass of the condenser at Larry’s side
flash and fly into fragments; saw him drop
swiftly to the ground and the automatic
in his hand flash once, twice, into the
darkness.

  Saw, too, the moon door begin to pivot
slowly, slowly back into its place!

  I rushed toward the turning stone with
the wild idea of holding it open. As I
thrust my hands against it there came at
my back a snarl and an oath and Larry
staggered under the impact of a body that
had flung itself straight at his throat. He
reeled at the lip of the shallow cup at
the base of the slab, slipped upon its pol-
ished curve, fell and rolled with that which
had attacked him, kicking and writhing,
straight through the narrowing portal into
the mistily luminous passage!

  Forgetting all else, I sprang with a cry
to his aid. And as I leaped I felt the clos-
ing edge of the moon door graze my side.
And then, as Larry raised a fist, brought
it down upon the temple of the man who
had grappled with him and rose from the
twitching body unsteadily to his feet, I
heard shuddering past me a mournful whis-
per; spun about as though some giant hand
had whirled me—and stood so, rigid, ap-
palled!

  For the end of the corridor no longer
opened out into the moonlit square of
ruined Nan-Tanach. It was barred by a
solid mass of glimmering stone. The moon
door had closed!

  And where was Olaf Huldricksson? And
who was the man at our feet who had
brought this calamity down upon us? And
what were we to do, prisoned, and my
bewildered brain told me, hopelessly
prisoned, without food, in the very lair
of the Dweller itself?

           TO BE CONTINUED IN THE NEXT ISSUE
In the next issue:

THE LORD OF DEATH

                  A Complete Novelet
                  By HOMER EON FLINT
Golden Atlantis

       By RICHARD BUTLER GLAENZER

        ATLANTIS is no fable. I have heard
        The murmur of its bells on golden nights.

          And in the wailing of the tropic bird
          The memory of ancient homing flights
          To a tall island where the humblest rights—

          Those of a bird as well as man—were held
          Sacred since inborn, safe from jealous spites.

          Atlantis was a land where freedom dwelled.

          They were not truly sages who averred
          That the great eastern Atlantean bights
          Lav close to Egypt, and that from them purred

         The sphinx-prowed galleys, spreading dark delights
         Along the Nile, creating appetites
         Brazen as Moloch’s. Could the golden-belled
         Have chimed with slavers of Israelites?

          Atlantis was a land where freedom dwelled.

          This I know best—down in my heart has stirred,

            In answer to the Pool of Malachites,

          Still bubbling fathoms deep, the living word—

             A word so healing that it cured all blights
             A word so kindly that it checked all slights,

          A word from which all loving-kindness welled.

             The word that follows, in the tongue of sprites:
          “Atlantis was a land where freedom dwelled!”

                   ENVOI

          Prince of the world, Maker of blacks and whites,

            Of red men, yellow, man however spelled,

          Giver whose hand, disdained as empty, smites,

            Atlantis was, a land where freedom dwelled!

  Copyrighted. 1926. by The Trank A. Munsey Co.

31

mu
The World in the Balance

                 By J. P. MARSHALL

  From Saturn they came, and gave the world a three-day ultimatum

UPPER BROADWAY drowsed lazily
through the heat of the July aft-
ernoon. A policeman, taking ad-
vantage of a momentary lull in the rush
of traffic, paused to mop his forehead and
scan the blue sky above him.

  High up over the roofs of the buildings
floated a toy balloon, its bright green color
plainly seen even at that height. The
officer grinned as he speculated over the
mental anguish of the child who must
have lost it.

  The whirl of traffic closed in again, and
for two hours the officer guided cars and
pedestrians. Then came another break,
and as before he brushed his handkerchief
across his forehead and scanned the
heavens.

  Two hours! And yet the balloon was still
there, holding the same relative position,
except that it was nearer, bigger, out of
all proportion to the size of the ordinary
toy type. The officer let several cars pass
unheeded while he tried to discover how
a balloon could float freely and still beat
up against the wind, for certainly it was
moving toward him in spite of the breeze
at his back.

  The officer was not the only person in
New York who was puzzled by the actions
of the green sphere. From all parts of the
city people watched, wondering what sort
of an advertising project they were wit-
nessing.

  Evening came on, and still that gayly
colored globe hung over the city, motion-

No furtner warning
was needed

Copyrighted, 1927. by The Frank A. MuiiBoy Co.

32
less now. Night—and it stood outlined
against the sky like a phosphorescent
moon, lighted by some sort of shifting fit-
ful flame that seemed to come from within
and swirl up over its surface.

  From the harbor a brilliant pencil of
light shot out, circled around and then
up, coming to rest on the strange object.
Then New York fairly rubbed its eyes!

  It was gone! The beam from the search-
light swept here and there, trying to point
it out again, but to no avail.

  Suddenly from far above came an an-
swering beam; a thin thread-like stream
of green. In eerie fashion the beam short-
ened and lengthened, swept around in a
wide arc, and then pointed straight down
at the figure of Liberty.

  A slight greenish glow surrounded the
upper part of the statue.

  The harbor searchlight circled to bear
on the figure, and the watchers gasped.
Liberty was broken! The entire head and
half the torso had disappeared, the remain-
ing part standing there with the search-
light playing up and down its shortened
length.

  There had been no noise, no crash.

  Half the Statue of Liberty had simply
vanished.

  Up to that point curiosity had held the
city in its grip. Now fear took its place.

  Telephone and telegraph lines hummed
with the news of the vandalism. And out
over the harbor that phosphorescent globe
suddenly became visible again.

 An hour—two hours passed. From
Mineola two huge armored bombers took
off into the air and winged toward the
scene of the disturbance. By the noise of
the motors and the flare of the exhausts the
populace followed the flight of the air-
planes over the city, out over the harbor,
straight toward that shining globe.

  The bombers cut a wide circle around
their objective; and then the roar of the
motors became interspersed with the rattle
of machine gun fire.

  The globe moved; dropped swiftly until
it rode just over the crests of the waves,
then shot straight up with bewildering

The green globe rose high over the harbor
and the city held its breath

 speed. From the bottom of the craft crept a
 short green ray that grew and lengthened,
 whipping here and there until it found its
 mark.

   The same greenish glow that had sur-
 rounded the statue enveloped one of the
 bombers. Its motor became silent.

   It was gone! The other gave a final
 burst from its machine gun and fled.

   The globe did not pursue; there was
 no need. That green ray flashed around
 toward the machine, hesitated, came to rest
 and then lengthened. Its tip touched the
 airplane, and like its mate it vanished,
 with that same greenish haze as the only
 sign of its passing!

 THE sun rose over a disorganized city.
 People half-heartedly started toward
 their work. Some of the more hardy souls
 carried on as before, but the great ma-
 jority were held by the fear of the un-
 known.

   The happenings of the previous night
 seemed like some fantastic nightmare
 visited on the entire populace. But there
 in the harbor stood the wrecked body of
 Liberty as a grim reminder of the reality
 of things, and above, so high as to be just
 visible, rested that green agent of de-
 struction.

   At noon it began to grow larger as it

33
34

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

 descended. Straight as a falling stone it
 fell toward the heart of the city, checked
 its-rush just over the tops of the sky-
 scrapers, then floated down to rest in the
 center of Times Square.

  In appearance the object was a wonder-
fully smooth green sphere about a hundred
and fifty feet in diameter, with no appar-
ent opening of any kind.

  For an hour it rested there, motionless,
while the crowds gathered and the traffic
of the city became paralyzed. Squad after
squad of police arrived to form a circle
around the sphere. Four machine gun crews
hastily set up their weapons to command
it from any point; and still nothing hap-
pened.

  One officer, bolder or more foolhardy
than the rest, slowly approached the bulky
object. Foot by foot he cut down the in-
tervening distance until he stood only an
arm’s length away.

  He reached out a hand, touched it gin-
gerly and hastily backed away several
steps. Gaining courage he approached again
and drummed lustily on the smooth sur-
face with his club.

  The sphere gave out a hollow metallic
ring, that was all. Again he reached out
a hand to touch the hammered surface;
and as his fingers met it he promptly
turned a back somersault.

  The bewildered expression on his face
as he scrambled to his feet would have
been ludicrous at any other time. Now it
was anything but funny to the watching
crowds.

  “It’s charged,” he yelled. “Electricity!
My arm is numb!”

  A sharp clang came from the interior
of the sphere as a small section slid away,
leaving an opening framing a hideous face
when viewed from earthly standards. An-
other clang, and another section opened,
leaving a space large enough for the crea-
ture’s body to emerge.

  Short of stature, and powerful of
physique, with that ugly head surmount-
ing the body, the stranger was far from
prepossessing in appearance.

  He beckoned to the stunned officer, and

that person, as if hypnotized, drew toward
him with lagging feet.

  The strange one uttered several guttural
sounds and raised his brows as if in ques-
tion. The officer shook his head. The other
whipped out a pad and stylus, scratched
rapidly and handed the result to the officer.
Again the latter shook his head.

  Impatiently the stranger beckoned him
closer, and reaching out placed a huge
powerful hand over the officer’s temples,
while he gazed steadily into his eyes. The
policeman gave a yelp of astonishment and
turned to his fellow officers.

  “He says he wants to see the commander
of this planet!” he gasped.

  “Commander of the planet? There isn’t
any!”

  The officer looked helplessly at the
stranger, at a loss to know how to convey
the information. The other solved his prob-
lem by placing one of the officer’s hands
over each of his own temples and again
looking him in the eyes.

  The officer was intelligent. Weird as it
seemed, he realized that the other had
the power to communicate by telepathy.

  He gazed back steadily at his questioner
and concentrated on the words of his an-
swer. The stranger showed surprise and
raised his hands again.

  “He wants the ruler of the country
then,” announced the officer.

  “He’ll have to go to Washington.”

  The last answer being relayed, the
stranger showed signs of impatience again.

  “He says he wants to see someone in
authority!”

  The police commissioner stepped for-
ward.

   “I’ll talk to him,” he answered.

  For half an hour the commissioner and
the strange visitor carried on a silent con-
versation. Suddenly the stranger raised his
hand with an unmistakable gesture of
finality, and turning about, stepped back
into his sphere.

  A moment he stood there, then the sec-
tion clanged back into place and the globe
lifted. As if in a trance, the commissioner
stood watching, his face drawn with the
THE WORLD IN THE BALANCE

35

horror of some knowledge he had just
gained. The spell broke; the commissioner
spun on his heel and barked a command:

  “Quick! The machine guns! Don’t let
him get away.”

. The four guns rose and spat their leaden
hail against the surface of the sphere. That
terrible green ray, visible even in bright
sunlight suddenly shone from a small aper-
ture near the bottom.

  The gunners were doomed, and they
knew it. With blanched faces they stuck to
their weapons and rained bullets at the
rising craft.

  The globe turned slowly, the ray swing-
ing with it. A flare of green struck a gun
squad and passed on. Machine gun, crew—
all disintegrated before the eyes of the
crowd. Even the pavement below was badly
scarred.

  In the center of the spot where the gun
crew had been were only several small
shining objects.

  Unmindful of his own danger, the com-
missioner leaped to the spot and fell on
his knees.

  “By the Eternal!” he muttered again,
as he picked up the glittering objects.
There were two gold watches; one, an
open-faced model, was merely an empty
case, the other, a hunting-case type, was
unharmed.

  Near the watches were two gold rings;
the first a wedding ring, the second a dia-
mond setting from which the stone had
vanished.

  The commissioner’s voice was hoarse
with concentrated hate and horror. “If I
live,” he exclaimed, “I will make you pay
for the murder of these boys!”

  He shook his fist at the fast ascending
globe, and ran for his car.

A SOLEMN-FACED group of men sat
around the table in the commission-
er’s office the following afternoon.

  Next to the commissioner was a stern-
looking naval commander, in charge of
the dreadnaught in the harbor. Beside the
commander sat a small elderly man, the
country’s greatest astronomer.

  Across from the latter, drumming his
fingers nervously on the polished table top,
was a younger man, his keen eyes darting
from one to another of the group. He was
a scientist, one of those men to whom civi-
lization owes its greatest progress.

  A major, commanding the available land
forces, completed the group.

  The fleet was away, but steaming at full
speed for New York. The military forces
of the nation were being entrained from
all points toward the city. But it was all
useless, and those around the table knew
it.

  “Tell us, commissioner”—the major
tugged at his mustache thoughtfully—“tell
us, please, just what passed in that mental
conversation.”

  “We have three days!” The commission-
er’s voice was dull with the agony of
despair. “He gave us three days to sur-
render the entire country. Saturday he
will come again, to Times Square, and we
must meet him and tell him our decision.

  “What can we do? How can we fight
such an enemy? That devilish globe will
simply hang up there out of range, loose
that ray, and wipe us out! It can conquer
the world. Its commander knows it. We
know it! And yet—to give up without a
blow—”

  “You, major, and you, commander, you
are the professional fighting men. What
do you say?”

  The major met the glance of the com-
mander, and both winced. They knew their
limitations, yet each was prepared to take
up the hopeless fight. The major spoke:

  “We hold the fate of the world in our
hands, gentlemen. It is not America alone,
it is the world! Washington has instructed
us to hold out as best we can until other
forces arrive, but Washington does not
know— One must have been here to realize
the terror of the thing.

  “Heaven knows how many warriors that
globe carries, what other weapons it con-
ceals. It must be prevented from landing
here, but how? Commissioner”—a sudden
thought seemed to strike the major—“did
you find out where it came from?”
36

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  “I asked. T1 e stranger answered with
some name that was meaningless to me,
but into my mind flashed a picture of a
globe whirling in space, while around it
spun an outer ring like this.” The com-
missioner grasped a pencil and sketched
his thought.

  The astronomer reached over and pulled
the sheet toward him.

  “A globe—an outer ring. It must be
Saturn! But we always supposed that it
was unlivable for humans!”

  “We have the proof! Here! Now!”
“What a chance!” The astronomer was
thinking aloud. “What a chance! If we
could but capture the thing with its crew
alive. The things they could tell—” His
eyes were dreamy, his mind far away,
wandering through the solar system; the
scientist always seeking knowledge.

  “No!” It was the naval commander who
spoke. “We cannot risk it. Destroy the
thing. We must bend all our efforts to that
result. We cannot, must not risk the chance
of its escape. We must destroy it now!”
“Yes.:- The scientist nodded. “Destroy
it! I can quite understand the professor’s
feeling. If we merely succeed in driving
it away, what then? It would return to
its planet and bring others next time. Be-
yond a doubt the craft is experimental in
its nature. If it returns, others will fol-
low. If it is destroyed the others will not
come because of its supposed failure. It
may be years before another attempt will
be made, and in that time we will have
been able to prepare for such a possibility.
The question is: How are we to destroy
this present menace?”

  “Mine the Square.” The major offered
the suggestion with almost an air of
apology. “Mine the whole of Times Square,
and when it lands—”

  “No.” The scientist shook his head.
“They will be wary. They have an in-
telligence of a higher degree than ours.
It may hurt to admit it, but we must deal
with facts. They will not blunder into a
trap. What can you offer, commander?”
The commander shook his head.

  “I can only stand to my guns,” he an-

swered, snapping his jaws together. “It is
hopeless, but I cannot surrender. When it
comes 1 shall open fire with the ship’s
anti-aircraft guns—and pray.”

  “You, commissioner?” The scientist had
quite easily assumed command. “What do
you propose?”

  The commissioner opened his lips to
speak, and shook his head.

  “I tried before,” he almost whispered,
“and you know the result.”

  “Then listen to me.” The scientist leaned
forward, his eyes snapping, his words
crackling through the room like electric
sparks. “You have all admitted your in-
ability to contend with the enemy. Guns,
ships, men, everything is useless! Every-
thing withers before that baleful ray ex-
cept one thing—and there lies our defense,
and our weapon!”

  He leaned over and picked up the watch
cases and rings that the commissioner had
brought from the scene of the tragedy of
the previous day.

  “Are you mad? Several bits of damaged
jewelry to fight with!” The major glared
accusingly at the scientist. “You cannot
be making sport at such a time.”

  “No. Here.” The scientist leaned for-
ward again. “See this case? It was open
faced, and the ray destroyed the works.
This other watch has a hunting case, and
it is unharmed. The ray does not consume
gold, nor material that is protected by a
gold covering. Listen, and then tell me
if I am mad!”

HALF an hour later the five men sat
leaning back in their chairs. Eyes
that had been dull with the knowtedge of
defeat were now bright with the hope of
victory.

  “Hurry.” The scientist turned to the
commissioner. “You have the men trained
for the work. Send them out. Tell them
to bring every metalsmith they can find,
even if they have to carry them. Take
over the jewelers’ factories; they have the
machinery and the tools. Gather gold,
gold, gold—from anywhere and every-
where. Do not stop to bargain. Confiscate
THE WORLD IN THE BALANCE

37

in the name of the government. You have
force; if the need comes use it! And in
the museum you will find models—get
them.”

  All that night, through all of Thursday
and all of Friday, the jewelers’ shops
hummed with activity. Near midnight of
Friday the whine of machinery began to
decrease; by two o’clock Saturday morning
the last shop became dark and silent.

  Trucks sped to police headquarters
carrying the handiwork of the metal-
smiths: twenty-five shining suits of armor
of pure beaten gold, twenty-five ridiculous
little round gold shields, their face burn-
ished so that they shone and sparkled
with each little bit of light that touched
them.

  The scientist viewed the collection.

  “It is all we can do.” He turned to the
commissioner. “Camouflage the suits with
black paint. There is no need to show our
enemy the nature of our defense. Pick
me twenty-four men who aren’t afraid to
die, and send them to me. I am going to
wear one suit myself.”

  “Twenty-three,” the commissioner re-
plied quietly. “I need pick only twenty-
three. One suit is for me. I am thinking
of those dead gunners of mine.”

  “As you will,” the scientist nodded. “If
we fail, it will not matter much which of
us are among the living and which are
dead!”

SATURDAY dawned clear, with the
whole populace watching the sky.
News was abroad! The green globe had
been seen in Europe, Asia, all over the
world, and at each place of call it had left
the same trail of destruction and the same
ultimatum: three days to surrender!

  This was to be the day of America’s
answer—and the whole world was watch-
ing, waiting for the news that would mean
victory and safety, or defeat and chaos.

  At ten o’clock the globe appeared, look-
ing no bigger than a marble when first
sighted. Down it drifted until it hung fairly
low over the harbor, less than two miles
up.

  From the ground a flock of airplanes
sprang, to swiftly form into battle forma-
tion and speed toward the enemy.

  The air battle was soon over. The ma-
chine guns on the planes had hardly be-
come warm before the green ray appeared,
at first only one, then as the planes drew
nearer the whole globe fairly bristled with
rays darting here and there in every di-
rection.

  Before that deadly barrage of light the
planes disappeared. One after another they
dropped from existence until but a scant
half dozen were left. These last turned
and streaked back toward the landing field,
beaten.

  Behind them the rays lengthened and
sped to catch up with them. There were
four—two—one! The lone survivor circled,
dipped, and straightened out for the land-
ing; but the wheels never touched the
ground. Less than a hundred feet up it
became—nothing!

  A series of heavy reports from the har-
bor marked the entry into the fray of the
anti-aircraft guns on the dreadnaught. The
globe shot straight up so swiftly that the
watchers’ necks all jerked back in unison
in an attempt to follow that flight. Safely
out of range, the globe floated quietly
again.

  A bundle of green threads grew down
toward the dreadnaught. Standing on the
bridge, the commander saw, and knew his
fate.

  “Cease firing! Overboard! Every man
jack that can get over—go!”

  The order was passed along, and the
surface of the harbor became dotted with
bobbing heads.

  Alone on the bridge, the commander
gripped the rail until the knuckles of his
hands stood out white. His upturned eyes
followed the approach of the rays. The
enemy was slow, maliciously letting the
victims taste the full dregs of death. At
last they struck!

  The huge dreadnaught melted from
sight instantly. A rushing, whirling mael-
strom grew on the spot as the surrounding
waves rushed in to fill up the gap left by
38

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

the disintegrating waters. And the com-
mander had gone down with his ship.

  In a side street off Times Square twenty-
five heavily moving men stirred uneasily.
The golden armor bore down on them, and
the strain of waiting was beginning to wear
on taut nerves.

  Fortunately for their peace of mind,
they had been unable to see the drama
that had been enacted in and over the
harbor, but they had no illusions concern-
ing their own part that was yet to be
played. They knew that it would be either
victory or death.

  The globe descended again, circled the
city, and stopped high up over the square.

  “Scatter!” The scientist gave his gold-
muffled order. “Circle the square and come
out when you hear the siren. You know
your stations; you know what you have to
do. Remember, on our success or failure
hangs the fate of the nation, and it may
well be the fate of the world.”

  He spoke to the men within the gold-
armored truck that carried the huge siren:

  “Watch me, and when I raise my arm
sound the signal.”

  The globe dropped slowly, warily,
suspecting a possible trap. A volley of rays
reached down to the square and its en-
virons.

  The pavement in the center of the square
vanished, leaving a huge shallow crater.
The scientist was right; it would have
been useless to mine the square. The tall,
proud structure of the Times Building dis-
appeared, the Paramount and others fol-
lowed one by one, until in the center of
New York there was a huge circle of bar-
renness, with only a light green haze drift-
ing across the space where Times Square
had been.

  Nearer dropped the globe, and again
it stopped, barely a hundred feet up.

  The scientist raised his arm. The huge
siren screeched out its signal, the sound
echoing back and forth from the walls
of the buildings yet standing.

  The men of the gold armor appeared,
walking slowly, heavily over the edge of
the crater, each swinging his burnished
shield. Slowly they drew toward each other
until they had formed a rough circle about
three hundred feet across.

  The globe hung quietly, then, as if in
question, a slim green ray crept down and
touched one of the armored men. As by
magic, the black paint covering the armor
disappeared, leaving a brilliant golden
figure standing out in the full afternoon
light.

  The globe shot up a few hundred feet,
hesitated, then drifted down to its former
level. Twenty-five rays gleamed out from
its polished surface; the entire band of
armored men suddenly shone as had the
first.

  The scientist waved his arm and swung
his shield before him. The others followed
suit. Again following his lead, they all
faced their shields upward. Those green
rays, impotently playing over the golden
figures, were caught on the polished sur-
faces of the shields. A moment of waver-
ing, and then the reflected rays shot back
toward their projector. Too late the com-
mander of that weird craft must have
realized the meaning of those shields—
golden mirrors, each sending back at him
the terrible ray of death that was his own
weapon.

  Like a toy balloon drawn over a gas
flame, the globe itself disintegrated. A ball
of greenish mist hung motionless over-
head—then only the clear blue of the sky
could be seen.

  In the center of the square two golden
figures clasped each other clumsily and
attempted to shake hands.

  “Thank Heaven, we’ve won!” The
scientist jerked up his gold visor and
peered at the commissioner.

  “Yes.” The commissioner’s reply was
blurred by a choking sob. “America—the
world—is safe. And those dead heroes—
they will rest happily nowl”

The DECEMBER ISSUE ON SALE NOVEMBER EIGHTH
The Editors’ Page

THE first issue of FAMOUS FANTAS-
TIC MYSTERIES seems to have
gone over with a bang. Readers were de-
lighted with the book. Many had sugges-
tions for changes.

  Some of those letters—all that we have
had room for—are published in the
“Readers’ Viewpoint” department begin-
ning on page 125 of this issue.

  We are really pleased to tell you, that
as a result of the spontaneous response
and acceptance of the first issue, which was
indicated as a bi-monthly, we are encour-
aged to publish the magazine monthly
hereafter. The readers have actually de-
manded it. They have demanded the long
classics of science-fiction in serial form. We
begin to give them to you in this issue.

  Many of our readers seemed to have
been under the impression that the com-
plete novelettes “The Moon Pool” and
“The Girl in the Golden Atom” were con-
densed versions of the complete stories.
This is not quite a fact. It happens that
in each case the two stories above referred
to had originally been published far in
advance of the long novels entitled “The
Conquest of the Moon Pool” and “The
People of the Golden Atom”, which are
respectively sequels to the two stories pub-
lished in our first issue.

  These sequels are now prepared for re-
publication, the first part of “The Con-
quest K)f the Moon Pool” being presented
to you in this issue.

  The polls of the readers are interesting.
A strong demand for Ralph Milne Far-
ley’s “The Radio Man” indicates that that
serial will be started next month. Homer
Eon Flint’s unforgettable “The Lord of
Death”, R. F. Starzl’s “The Red Germ of
Courage”, Edison Marshall’s “Who Is
Charles Avison?”—these and many more
too numerous to mention are musts.

  However, the biggest “must” of all is the
Austin Hall—Homer Eon Flint “The
Blind Spot.” That story, we are happy to
tell you, is now in preparation and we
expect to be able to give it to you soon.

  The readers’ letters show that they are
well informed on the whole field of science
fiction. Many of them can list most of the
important stories with their publication
dates, and rate them according to their
merits as classics.

  Well, it’s your magazine.

  No coupon this month; readers prefer
to express their viewpoints in letters.

  And how we want those letters!

  Some of the readers have already done
this, as you will see by turning to the de-
partment which we have devoted to let-
ters. We shall want to get your reaction
to this issue, also. You do not have to
know the names of stories to do this, but
you can tell us how you like them.

  We want to be guided by your criticism
and compliments. This is your chance to
read the greatest science-fiction classics of
all time.

  Guide us in selecting our table of con-
tents for you.

— The Editors

39

The Moon Metal

By GARRETT P. SERVISS

   Author of “The Second Deluge," “Conquest of Mars,” etc.

Who was Dr. Syx, and whence came the metal that made him dictator of the

whole world?

CHAPTER I

SOUTH POLAR GOLD

WHEN the news came of the dis-
covery of gold at the South Pole
in 1949, nobody suspected that
the beginning had been reached of a new
era in the world’s history. The newsboys
cried “Extra!” as they had done a thou-
sand times for murders, battles, fires, and
Wall Street panics, but nobody was ex-
cited. In fact, the reports at first seemed
so exaggerated and improbable that hardly
anybody believed a word of them. Who
could have been expected to credit a
despatch, forwarded by cable from New
Zealand, and signed by an unknown
name, which contained such a statement
as this?

  “A seam of gold which can be cut with
a knife has been found within ten miles
of the South Pole.”

  In a little while several additional re-
ports came, some via New Zealand, others
via South America, and all confirming in
every respect what had been sent before.
Then a New York newspaper sent a swift
steamer to the Antarctic, and when this
enterprising journal published a four-page
cable describing the discoveries in detail,
all doubt vanished and the rush began.

  For many years silver had been absent
from the coinage of the world. Its increas-
ing abundance rendered it unsuitable for
money, especially when contrasted with
gold.

  The common monetary system prevail-
ing in every land fostered trade and facili-
tated the exchange of products. Travelers
never had to bother their heads about the
currency of money; any coin that passed

Reprinted from the May. 1905. All-Story Magazine.

in New York would pass for its face value
in London, Paris, Berlin, Rome, Madrid.
Or in Leningrad. Constantinople, Cairo,
Khartoum, Jerusalem, Peking, or Yeddo.
It was indeed the “Golden Age,” and the
world had never been so free from finan-
cial storms.

UPON this peaceful scene the south
polar gold discoveries burst like an
unheralded tempest,

  I happened to be in the company of a
famous bank president when the confirma-
tion of those discoveries suddenly filled
the streets with yelling newsboys.

  “Get me one of those ‘extras’!” he said,
and an office-boy ran out to obey him. As
he perused the sheet his face darkened.

  “I’m afraid it’s too true,” he said at
length. “Yes, there seems to be no getting
around it. Gold is going to be as plentiful
as iron. If there were not such a flood
of it, we might manage, but when they
begin to make trousers buttons out of the
same metal that is now locked and guarded
in steel vaults, where will be our standard
of worth? My dear fellow,” he continued,
impulsively laying his hand on my arm,
“I would as willingly face the end of the
world as this that’s coming!”

  “You think it so bad, then?” I asked.
“But most people will not agree with you.
They will regard it as very good news.”
“How can it be good?” he burst out.
“What have we got to take the place of
gold? Can we go back to the age of bar-
ter? Can we substitute cattle-pens and
wheat-bins for the strong boxes of the
Treasury? Can commerce exist with nc
common measure of exchange?”

  His premonitions of disaster turned out

(Originally copyrighted. 1900. by Garrett P. Serviss.)

41
42

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

to be but too well grounded. The deposits
of gold at the South Pole were richer than
the wildest reports had rep esented them.
The shipments of the prec ious metal to
America and Europe soon became enor-
mous—so enormous that the met a] was no
longer precious.

  The price of gold dropped like a falling
stone, with accelerated velocity, and with-
in a year every money center in the world
had been swept by a panic. Gold was more
common than iron. Every government was
compelled to demonetize it, for when once
gold had fallen into contempt it was less
valuable in the eyes of the public than
stamped paper. For once the world had
thoroughly learned the lesson that too
much of a good thing is worse than none
of it.

  Then somebody found a new use for
gold by inventing a process by which it
could be hardened and tempered, assum-
ing a wonderful toughness and elasticity
without losing its non-corrosive property,
and in this form it rapidly took the place
of steel.

  In the meantime, every effort was made
to bolster up credit. Endless were the at-
tempts to find a substitute for gold. The
chemists sought it in their laboratories
and the mineralogists in the mountains
and deserts. Platinum might have served,
but it, too, had become a drug in the
market through the discovery of immense
deposits. Out of the twenty odd elements
which had been rarer and more valuable
than gold, such as uranium, gallium, etc.,
not one was found to answer the purpose.
In short, it was evident that since both
gold and silver had become too abundant
to serve any longer for a money standard,
the planet held no metal suitable to take
their place.

  The entire monetary system of the
world must be readjusted, but in the re-
adjustment it was certain to fall to pieces.
In fact, it had already fallen to pieces;
the only recourse was to paper money, but
whether this was based upon agriculture
or mining or manufacture, it gave vary-
ing standards, not only among the differ-

ent nations, but in successive years in the
same country. Exports and imports prac-
tically ceased. Credit was discredited, com-
merce perished, and the world, at a bound,
seemed to have gone back, financially and
industrially, to the dark ages.

  One final effort was made. A great finan-
cial congress was assembled at New York.
Representatives of all the nations took
part in it. The ablest financiers of Europe
and America united the efforts of their
genius and the results of their experience
to solve the great problem. The various
governments all solemnly stipulated to
abide by the decision of the congress.

  But, after spending months in hard but
fruitless labor, that body was no nearer
the end of its undertaking than when it
first assembled. The entire world awaited
its decision with bated breath, and yet
the decision was not formed.

  At this paralyzing crisis a most unex-
pected event suddenly opened the way.

 CHAPTER II

 THE MAGICIAN OF SCIENCE

AN ATTENDANT entered the room
where the perplexed financiers were
in session and presented a peculiar-look-
ing card to the president, Mr. Boon. The »
president took the card in his hand and so
complete was his absorption that Herr
Finster, the celebrated Berlin banker, who
had been addressing the chair for the last
two hours from the opposite end of the
long table, got confused, entirely lost track
of his verb, and suddenly dropped into his
seat, very red in the face and wearing a
most injured expression.

  But President Boon paid no attention
except to the singular card, which he con-
tinued to turn over and over, balancing
it on his fingers and holding it now at
arm’s-length and then near his nose, with
one eye squinted as if he were trying to
look through a hole in the card.

  At length this odd conduct of the pre-
siding officer drew all eyes upon the card,
and then everybody shared the interest
of Mr. Boon. In shape and size the card
THE MOON METAL

43

was not extraordinary, but it was com-
posed ol metal. What metai? Plainly it
was not tin, brass, copper, bronze, silver,
aluminum—although its lightness might
have suggested that metal—nor even base
gold.

  The president, although a skilled metal-
lurgist, confessed his inability to say what
it was. So intent had he become in ex-
amining the curious bit of metal that he
forgot it was a visitor’s card of introduc-
tion, and did not even look for the name
which it presumably bore.

  As he held the card up to get a better
light upon it, a stray sunbeam from the
window fell across the metal, and instantly
it bloomed with exquisite colors! The
president’s chair being in the darker end
of the room, the radiant card suffused the
atmosphere about him with a faint rose
tint, playing with surprising liveliness into
alternate canary color and violet.

  The effect upon the company of clear-
headed financiers was extremely remark-
able. The unknown metal appeared to ex-
ercise a kind of mesmeric influence, its
soft hues blending together in a chromatic
harmony which captivated the sense of
vision as the ears are charmed by a per-
fectly rendered song. Gradually all gath-
ered in an eager group around the presi-
dent's chair.

  “What can it be?” was repeated from
Y\p to lip.

  “Did you ever see anything like it?”
asked Mr. Boon for the twentieth time.

  None of them had ever seen the like of
it. A spell fell upon the assemblage. For
five minutes no one spoke, while Mr. Boon
continued to chase the flickering sunbeam
with the wonderful card. Suddenly the
silence was broken by a voice which had
a touch of awe in it:

  “It must be the metal!”

  The speaker was an English financier,
First Lord of the Treasury, Hon. James
Hampton-Jones, K. C. B. Immediately
everybody echoed his remark, and the
strain being thus relieved, the spell
dropped from them and several laughed
loudly over their momentary aberration.

PRESIDENT BOON recollected him-
self, and, coloring slightly, placed the
card Hat on the table, in order more clearly
to see the name. In plain red letters it
stood forth with such surprising distinct-
ness that Mr. Boon wondered why he had
so long overlooked it.

         Dr. MAX SYX

  “Tell the gentleman to come in,” said
the president, and thereupon the attendant
threw open the door.

  The owner of the mysterious card fixed
every eye as he entered. He was several
inches more than six feet in height. His
complexion was very dark, his eyes were
intensely black, bright, and deep-set, his
eyebrows were bushy and up-curled at the
ends, his sable hair was close-trimmed,
and his ears were narrow, pointed at the
top, and prominent. He wore black mus-
taches. covering only half the width of his
lip and drawn into projecting needles on
each side, while a spiked black beard
adorned the middle of his chin.

  He smiled as he stepped confidently
forward, with a courtly bow, but it was
a very disconcerting smile, because it more
than half resembled a sneer. This uncom-
mon person did not wait to be addressed.

  “I have come to solve your problem,”
he said, facing President Boon, who had
swung round on his pivoted chair.

  “The metal!” exclaimed everybody in
a breath, and with a unanimity and ex-
citement which would have astonished
them if they had been spectators instead
of actors of the scene. The tall stranger
bowed and smiled again.

  “Just so,” he said. “What do you think
of it?”

  “It is beautiful!”

  The mesmeric spell seemed once more
to fall upon the assemblage, for the finan-
ciers noticed nothing remarkable. in the
next act of the stranger, which was to
take a chair, uninvited, at the table, and
the moment he sat down he became the
44

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

presiding officer as naturally as if he had
just been elected to the post. They all
waited for him to speak, and when he
opened his mouth they listened with
breathless attention.

  His words were of the best English,
but there was some peculiarity, which
they had already noticed, either in his
voice or his manner of enunciation, which
struck all of the listeners as denoting a
foreigner. But none of them could satis-
factorily place him. Neither the Ameri-
cans, the Englishmen, the Germans, the
Frenchmen, the Russians, the Austrians,
the Italians, the Spaniards, the Turks, the
Japanese, or the Chinese at the board
could decide to what race he belonged.

  “This metal,” he began, “I have dis-
covered and named. I call it ‘artemisium.’

I	can produce it, in the pure form, abun-
dantly enough to replace gold, giving it
the same relative value that gold possessed
when it was the universal standard.”

  As Dr. Syx spoke, he snapped the card
with his thumb-nail, and it fluttered with
quivering hues like a humming-bird hover-
ing over a flower. He seemed to await a
reply, and President Boon asked:

  “What guarantee can you give that the
supply would be adequate and continu-
ous?”

  “I will conduct a committee of this
congress to my mine in the Rocky Moun-
tains, where, in anticipation of the event,

I	have accumulated enough refined ar-
temisium to provide every civilized land
with an amount of coin equivalent to that
which is formerly held in gold. I can there
satisfy you of my ablity to maintain the
production.”

  “But how do we know that this metal
of yours will answer the purpose?”

  “Try it,” was the laconic reply.

  “There is another difficulty,” pursued
the president. “People will not accept a
new metal in place of gold unless they are
convinced that it possesses equal intrinsic
value. They must first become familiar
with it, and it must be abundant enough
and desirable enough to be used sparingly
in the arts, just as gold was.”

  “I have provided for all that,” said the
stranger, with one of his disconcerting
smiles. “I assure you that there will be no
trouble with the people. They will be only
too eager to get and to use the metal. Let
me show you.”

  He stepped to the door, and immedi-
ately returned with two black attendants
bearing a large tray filled with articles
shaped from the same metal as that of
which the card was composed. The finan-
ciers all jumped to their feet with ex-
clamations of surprise and admiration,
and gathered around the tray, whose daz-
zling contents lighted up the corner of the
room where it had been placed as if the
moon were shining there.

  There were elegantly formed vases,
adorned with artistic figures, embossed
and incised, and glowing with delicate
colors which shimmered in tiny waves with
the slightest motion of the tray. Cups,
pins, finger-rings, earrings, watch-chains,
combs, studs, lockets, medals, tableware,
models of coins—in brief almost every ar-
ticle in the fabrication of which precious
metals have been employed was to be
seen there in profusion, and all composed
of the strange new metal which every-
body on the spot declared was far more
splendid than gold.

  “Do you think it will answer?” asked
Dr. Syx.

  “We do,” was the unanimous reply.

ALL then resumed their seats at the
table, the tray with its magnificent
array having been placed in the center
of the board. This display had a remark-
able influence. Confidence awoke in the
breasts of the financiers. The dark clouds
that had oppressed them rolled off, and
the prospect grew decidedly brighter.

  “What terms do you demand?” at
length asked Mr. Boon, cheerfully rub-
bing his hands.

  “I must have military protection for
my mine and reducing works,” replied
Dr. Syx. “Then I shall ask the return of
one per cent on the circulating medium,
together with the privilege of disposing
THE MOON METAL

4'

of a certain amount of the metal—to be
limited by agreement—to the public for
use in the arts. Of the proceeds of this
sale I will pay ten per cent to the gov-
ernment in consideration of its protec-
tion.”

  “But,” exclaimed President Boon, “that
will make you the richest man who ever
lived!”

  “Undoubtedly,” was the reply.

  “Why,” added Mr. Boon, opening his
eyes wider as the facts continued to dawn
upon him, “you will become the financial
dictator of the whole earth!”

  “Undoubtedly,” again responded Dr.
Syx unmoved. “That is what I purpose
to become. My discovery entitles me to
no less. But, remember, I place myself
under government inspection and restric-
tion. I should not be allowed to flood the
market, even if I were disposed to do so.
But my own interest would restrain me.
It is to my advantage that artemisium,
once adopted, shall remain stable in
value.”

  A shadow of doubt suddenly crossed
the president’s face.

  “Suppose your secret is discovered,” he
said. “Surely your mine will not remain
the only one. If you, in so short a time,
have been able to accumulate an immense
quantity of the new metal, it must be
extremely abundant. Others will discover
it, and then where shall we be?”

  While Mr. Boon uttered these words,
those who were watching Dr. Syx (as the
president was not) resembled persons
whose startled eyes are fixed upon a wild
beast preparing to spring. As Mr. Boon
ceased speaking he turned toward the
visitor, and instantly his lips fell apart
and his face paled.

  Dr. Syx had drawn himself up to his
full stature, and his features were dis-
torted with that peculiar mocking smile
which had now returned with a concen-
trated expression of mingled self-con-
fidence and disdain.

  “Will you have relief or not?” he asked
in a dry, hard voice. “What can you do?

I alone possess the secret which can re-

store industry and commerce. If you re-
ject my offer, do you think a second one
will come?”

  President Boon found voice to reply,
stammeringly:

  “I did not mean to suggest a rejection
of the offer. I only wished to inquire if
you thought it probable that there would
be no repetition of what occurred after
gold was found at the South Pole?”

  “The earth may be full of my metal,”
returned Dr. Syx, almost fiercely, “but
so long as I alone possess the knowledge
how to extract it, is it of any more worth
than common dirt? But come,” he added
after a pause, and softening his manner,
“I have other schemes. Will.you, as repre-
sentatives of the leading nations, under-
take the introduction of artemisium as a
substitute for gold, or will you not?”

  “Can we not have time for delibera-
tion?” asked President Boon.

  “Yes; one hour. Within that time I
shall return to learn your decision,” re-
plied Dr. Syx, rising and preparing to
depart. “I leave these things”—pointing
to the tray—“in your keeping, and”—
significantly—“I trust your decision will
be a wise one.”

  His curious smile again curved his lips
and shot the ends of his mustache up-
ward, and the influence of that smile re-
mained in the room when he had closed
the door behind him. The financiers gazed
at one another for several minutes in
silence, then they turned toward the corus-
cating metal that filled the tray.

CHAPTER III

THE GRAND TETON MINE

AWAY on the western border of
Wyoming, in the all but inaccessible
heart of the Rocky Mountains, three
mighty brothers, “the Big Tetons,” look
perpendicularly into the blue eye of
Jenny’s Lake, lying at the bottom of the
profound depression among the mountains
called Jackson’s Hole. Bracing against one
another for support, these remarkable
peaks lift their granite spires nearly four-
46

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

teen thousand feet into the blue dome that
arches the crest of the continent. Their
sides, and especially those of their chief,
the Grand Teton, are streaked with
glaciers, which shine like silver trappings
when the morning sun comes up above
the wilderness of mountains stretching
away eastward from the hole.

  When the first white men penetrated
this wonderful region, and one of them
bestowed his wife’s name upon Jenny’s
Lake, they were intimidated by the Grand
Teton. It made their flesh creep, accus-
tomed though they were to rough scram-
bling among mountain gorges and on the
brows of immense precipices, when they
glanced up the face of the peak, where
the cliffs fall, one below another, in a
series of breathless descents, and imagined
themselves clinging for dear life to those
skyey battlements.

  But when, in 1872, Messrs. Stevenson
and Langford finally reached the top of
the Grand Teton—the only successful
members of a party of nine practised
climbers who had started together from
the bottom—they found there a little
rectangular inclosure, made by piling up
rocks, six or seven feet across and three
feet in height, bearing evidences of great
age, and indicating that the red Indians
had, for some unknown purpose, resorted
to the summit of this tremendous peak
long before the white men invaded their
mountains. Yet neither the Indians nor the
whites ever really conquered the Teton,
for above the highest point that they at-
tained rises a granite buttress, whose
smooth vertical sides seemed to them to
defy everything but wings.

  On a July morning, about a month after
the visit of Dr. Max Syx to the assembled
financiers in New York, a party of twenty
horsemen, following a mountain trail, ar-
rived on the eastern margin of Jackson’s
Hole, and pausing upon a commanding
eminence, with exclamations of wonder,
glanced across the great depression, where
lay the shining coils of the Snake River,
at the towering forms of the Tetons, whose
ice-striped cliffs flashed lightnings in the

sunshine. Curling above one of the wild
gorges that cut the lower slopes of the
Tetons was a thick black smoke, which,
when lifted by a passing breeze, obscured
the precipices half-way to the summit of
the peak.

  Had the Grand Teton become a vol-
cano? Certainly no hunting or exploring
party could make a smoke like that. But
a word from the leader of the party of
horsemen explained the mystery.

  “There is my mill, and the mine is un-
derneath it.”

  The speaker was Dr. Syx, and his com-
panions were members of the financial
congress. When he quitted their presence
in New; York, with the promise to return
within an hour for their reply, he had no
doubt in his own mind what that reply
would be. He knew they would accept
his proposition, and they did. No time was
then lost in communicating with the vari-
ous governments, and arrangements were
quickly perfected whereby, in case the in-
spection of Dr. Syx’s mine and its re-
sources proved satisfactory, America and
Europe should unite in adopting the new
metal as the basis of their coinage. As
soon as this stage in the negotiations was
reached, it only remained to send a com-
mittee of financiers and metallurgists, in
company with Dr. Syx, to the Rocky
Mountains.

  “An inspection of the records at Wash-
ington,” Dr. Syx continued, addressing
the horsemen, “will show that I have filed
a claim covering ten acres of ground
around the mouth of my mine. This was
done as soon as I had discovered the metal.
The filing of the claim and the subsequent
proceedings which perfected my ownership
attracted no attention, because everybody
was thinking of the South Pole and its
gold-fields.”

THE party gathered closer around Dr.
Syx and listened to his words with
silent attention, while their horses rubbed
noses and jingled their gold-mounted trap-
pings.

  “As soon as I had legally protected my-
THE MOON METAL

47

self,” he continued, “I employed a force
of men, transported my machinery and
material across the mountains, erected my
furnaces, and opened the mine. I was safe
from intrusion, and even from idle curi-
osity, for the reason I have just men-
tioned. In fact, so exclusive was the at-
traction of the new gold-fields that I had
difficulty in obtaining workmen, and fi-
nally I sent to Africa and engaged negroes,
whom I placed in charge of trustworthy
foremen.”

  “And with their aid you have mined
enough metal to supply the mints of the
world?” asked President Boon.

  “Exactly so,” was the reply. “But I no
longer employ the large force which I
needed at first.

  “I shall show you to-day,” said Dr.
Syx, with his curious smile, “twenty-five
thousand tons of refined artemisium.
stacked in rock-cut vaults under the Grand
Teton.”

  “And you have dared to collect such
inconceivable wealth in one place?”

  “You forget that it is not wealth until
the people have learned to value it, and
the governments have put their stamp
upon it.”

  The party did not wait for further ex-
planations. They were eager to see the
wonderful mine and the store of treasure.
Spurs were applied, and they galloped
down the steep trail, forded the Snake
River, and, skirting the shore of Jenny’s
Lake, soon found themselves gazing up
the headlong slopes and dizzy parapets of
the Grand Teton. Dr. Syx led them by a
steep ascent to the mouth of the canyon,
above one of whose walls stood his mill,
and where the “champ, champ” of a
powerful engine saluted their ears.

CHAPTER IV

THE WEALTH OF THE WORLD

AN ELECTRIC light shot its pene-
trating rays into a gallery cut
through virgin rock and running straight
toward the heart of the Teton. The cen-
ter of the gallery was occupied by a nar-

row railway, on which a few flat cars, pro*
pelled by electric power, passed to and
fro. Black-skinned and silent workmen
rode on the cars, both when they came
laden wth broken masses of rock from the
farther end of the tunnel and when they
returned empty.

  Suddenly, to an eye situated a little
wav within the gallery, appeared at the
entrance the dark face of Dr. Syx, wear-
ing its most discomposing smile, and a
moment later the broader countenance of
President Boon loomed in the electric glare
beside the doctor’s black framework of
eyebrows and mustache. Behind them were
grouj>ed the other visiting financiers.

  “This tunnel,” said Dr. Syx, “leads to
the mine head, where the ore-bearing
rock is blasted.”

  As he spoke a hollow roar issued from
the depths of the mountain, followed in a
short time by a gust of foul air.

  “You probably will not care to go in
there,” said the doctor, “and, in fact, it is
very uncomfortable. But we shall follow
the next car-load to the smelter, and you
can witness the reduction of the ore.”

  Accordingly, when another car came
rumbling out of the tunnel with its load
of cracked rock, they all accompanied it
into an adjoining apartment, where it was
cast into a metallic shute, through which,
they were informed, it reached the fur-
nace.

  “While it is melting,” explained Dr.
Syx, “certain elements, the nature of which
I must beg to keep secret, are mixed with
the ore, causing chemical action which re-
sults in the extraction of the metal. Now
let me show you pure artemisium issuing
from the furnace.”

  He led the visitors through two apart-
ments into a third, one side of which was
walled by the front of a furnace. From
this projected two or three small spouts,
and iridescent streams of molten metal
fell from the spouts into earthen recep-
tacles, from which the blazing liquid was
led, like flowing iron, into a system of
molds, where it was allowed to cool and
harden.
48

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  The financiers looked on wonderingly
and their astonishment grew when they
were conducted into the rock-cut store-
rooms beneath, where they saw metallic
ingots glowing like gigantic opals in the
light which Dr. Syx turned on. They were
piled in rows along the walls as high as
a man could reach. A very brief inspection
sufficed to convince the visitors that Dr.
Syx was able to perform all that he prom-
ised. Although they had not penetrated
the secret of his process of reducing the
ore, yet they had seen the metal flowing
from the furnace, and the piles of ingots
proved conclusively that he had uttered
no vain boast when he said he could give
the world a new coinage.

  But President Boon, being himself a
metallurgist, desired to inspect the mys-
terious ore a little more closely. Possibly
he was thinking that if another mine was
destined to be discovered he might as well
be the discoverer as anybody. Dr. Syx at-
tempted no concealment, but his smile be-
came more than usually scornful as he
stopped a laden car and invited the visitors
to help themselves.

  “I think,” he said, “that I have struck
the only lode of this ore in the Teton, or
possibly in this part of the world, but I
don’t know for certain. There may be
plenty of it only waiting to be found.
That, however, doesn’t trouble me. The
great point is that nobody except myself
knows how to extract the metal.”

  Mr. Boon closely examined the chunk
of rock w'hich he had taken from the car.
Then he pulled a lens from his pocket,
with a deprecatory glance at Dr. Syx.

  “Oh, that’s all right,” said the latter,
with a laugh, the first that these gentle-
men had ever heard from his lips, and it
almost made them shudder; “put it to
every test, examine it with the microscope,
with fire, with electricity, with the spec-
troscope—in every way you can think ofl
I assure you it is worth your while!”

  Again Dr. Syx uttered his freezing
laugh, passing into the familiar smile,
which had now become an undisguised
mock.

  “Upon my word,” said Mr. Boon, tak-
ing his eye from the lens, “I see no sign
of any metal here!”

  “Look at the green specks!” cried the
doctor, snatching the specimen from the
president’s hand. “That’s it! That’s ar-
temisium! But it’s of no use unless you
can get it out and purify it, which is my
secret!”

  For the third time Dr. Syx laughed,
and his merriment affected the visitors so
disagreeably that they showed impatience
to be gone. Immediately he changed his
manner.

  “Come into my office,” he said, with a
return to the graciousness which had char-
acterized him ever since the party started
from New York.

WHEN they were all seated, and the
doctor had handed round a box of
cigars, he resumed the conversation in his
most amiable manner.

  “You see, gentlemen,” he said, turn-
ing a piece of ore in his fingers, “arte-
misium is like aluminum. It can only be
obtained in the metallic form by a specal
process. While these greenish particles,
which you may perhaps mistake for chry-
solite or some similar unisilicate, really
contain the precious metal, they are not
entirely composed of it. The process by
which I separate out the metallic element
while the ore is passing through the fur-
nace is, in truth, quite simple, and its
very simplicity guards my secret. Make
your minds easy as to over-production. A
man is as likely to jump over the moon
as to find me out.

  “But,” he continued, again changing his
manner, “we have had business enough
for one day; now for a little recreation.”
While speaking, the doctor pressed a
button on his desk, and the room, which
was illuminated by electric lamps—for
there were no windows in the building—
became dark, except part of one wall,
where a broad area of light appeared.

  Dr. Syx’s voice had become very sooth-
ing when next he spoke:

  “I am fond of amusing myself with a
THE MOON METAL

49

peculiar form of motion picture projec-
tor, which I invented some years ago,
and which I have never exhibited except
for the entertainment of my friends.

  He had hardly ceased speaking when
the illuminated space seemed to melt
away, leaving a great opening through
which the spectators looked as if into an-
other world on the opposite side of the
wall. For a minute or two they could not
clearly discern what was presented; then,
gradually, the flitting scenes and figures
became more distinct until the lifelikeness
of the spectacle absorbed their whole at-
tention.

  Before them passed, in panoramic re-
view, a sunny land, filled with brilliant-
hued vegetation, and dotted with villages
and cities which were bright with light-
colored buildings. People appeared mov-
ing through the scenes, as in a movie show,
but with infinitely more semblance of
reality. In fact, the pictures, blending one
into another, seemed to be life itself. Yet
it was not an earth-like scene. The colors
of the passing landscape were such as
no man in the room had ever beheld; and
the people, tall, round-limbed, with florid
complexion, golden hair, and brilliant eyes
and lips, were indescribably beautiful and
graceful in all their movements.

FROM the land the view passed out to
sea, and bright blue waves, edged
with creaming foam, ran swiftly under the
spectator’s eyes, and occasionally, driven
before light winds, appeared fleets of
daintily shaped vessels, which reminded
the beholder, by their flashing wings, of
the feigned “ship of pearl.”

  After the fairy ships and breezy sea
views came a long, curving line of coast,
brilliant with coral sands, and indented by
frequent bays, along w?hose enchanting
shore, lay pleasant towns, the landscapes
behind them splendid with groves,
meadows, and streams.

  Presently the shifting photographic
film, or whatever the mechanism may have
been, appeared to have settled upon a
chosen scene, and there it rested. A broad

champaign reached away to distant
sapphire mountains, while the foreground
was occupied by a magnificent house, re-
sembling a large country villa, fronted
with a garden, shaded by bowers and fes-
toons of huge, brilliant flowers. Birds of
radiant plumage flitted among the trees
and blossoms, and then appeared a com-
pany of gayly attired people, including
many young girls, who joined hands and
danced in a ring, apparently with shouts of
laughter, while a group of musicians
standing near thrummed and blew upon
curiously shaped instruments.

  Suddenly the shadow of a dense cloud
flitted across the scene; whereupon the
brilliant birds flew away with screams of
terror. An expression of horror came over
the faces of the people. The children broke
from their merry circle and ran for pro-
tection to their elders. The utmost con-
fusing and whelming terror were evinced
for a moment—then the ground split
asunder, and the house and the garden,
with all their living occupants, were swal-
lowed by an awful chasm which opened
just where they had stood. The great rent
ran in a widening line across the sunlit
landscape until it reached the horizon,
when the distant mountains crumbled,
clouds poured in from all sides at once,
and billows of flame burst through them
as they veiled the scene.

  But in another instant the commotion
was over, and the world whose curious
spectacles had been enacted as if on the
other side of a window, seemed to retreat
swiftly into space, until at last, emerg-
ing from a fleecy cloud, it reappeared in
the form of the full moon hanging in the
sky, but larger than is its wont, with its
dry ocean-beds, its keen-spired peaks, its
ragged mountain ranges, its gaping chasms,
its immense crater rings, and Tycho, the
chief of them all, shooting ray-like streaks
across the scarred face of the abandoned
lunar globe.

  The showr was ended, and Dr. Syx, turn-
ing on only a partial illumination in the
room, rose slowly to his feet, his tall form
appearing strangely magnified in the
50

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

gloom, and invited his bewildered guests
to accompany him to his house, outside
the mill, where he said dinner awaited
them. As they emerged into daylight they
acted like persons just aroused from an
opiate dream.

CHAPTER V

WONDERS OF THE NEW METAL

WITHIN a twelvemonth after the
visit of President Boon and his fel-
low-financiers to the mine in the Grand
Teton, a railway had been constructed
from Jackson’s Hole, connecting with one
of the Pacific lines, and the distribution
of the new metal was begun. All of Dr.
Syx’s terms had been accepted. United
States troops occupied a permanent en-
campment on the upper waters of the
Snake River, to afford protection, and as
the consignments of precious ingots were
hurried east and west on guarded trains,
the mints all over the world resumed their
activity. Once more a common monetary
standard prevailed, and commerce revived
as if touched by a magic wand.

  Artemisium quickly won its way in
popular favor. Its matchless beauty alone
was enough. Not only was it gladly ac-
cepted in the form of money, but its suc-
cess was instantaneous in the arts. Dr.
Syx and the inspectors representing the
various nations found it difficult to limit
the output to the agreed-upon amount.
The demand was incessant.

  Goldsmiths and jewelers continually
discovered new excellences in the wonder-
ful metal. Its properties of translucence
and refraction enabled skilful artists to
perform marvels. By suitable management
a chain of artemisium could be made to
resemble a string of vari-colored gems,
each separate link having a tint of its
own, while, as the wearer moved, delicate
complementary colors chased one another
in rapid undulation from end to end.

  A fresh charm was added by the new
metal to the personal adornment of
women, and an enhanced splendor to the
pageants of society. Gold in its palmiest

days had never enjoyed such a vogue. A
crowded reception-room or a dinner-party
where artemisium abounded possessed an
indescribable atmosphere of luxury and
richness, refined in quality, yet captivat-
ing to every sense. Imaginative persons
went so far as to aver that the sight and
presence of the metal exercised a strangely
soothing and dreamy power over the mind,
like the influence of moonlight streaming
through the tree-tops on a still, balmy
night.

  The public curiosity in regard to the
origin of artemisium was boundless. The
various nations published official bulletins
in which the general facts omitting, of
course, such incidents as the singular ex-
hibition seen by the visiting financiers on
the wall of Dr. Syx’s office—were detailed
to gratify the universal desire for in-
formation.

  President Boon not only submitted
the specimens of ore-bearing rock which
he had brought from the mine to care-
ful analysis, but also appealed to several
of the greatest living chemists and min-
eralogists to aid him; but they were
all equally mystified. The green sub-
stance contained in the ore, although
differing slightly from ordinary chrys-
olite, answered all the known tests of
that mineral. It was remembered, how-
ever, that Dr. Syx had said that they
would be likely to mistake the substance
for chrysolite, and the result of their
experiments justified his prediction. Evi-
dently the doctor had gone a stone’s-
cast beyond the chemistry of the day,
and, just as evidently, he did not mean
to reveal his discovery for the benefit of
science, nor for the benefit of any pockets
except his own.

  Notwithstanding the failure of the chem-
ists to extract anything from Dr. Syx’s
ore, the public at large never doubted that
the secret would be discovered in good
time, and thousands of prospectors flocked
to the Teton Mountains in search of the
ore. And without much difficulty they
found it. Evidently the doctor had been
mistaken in thinking that his mine might
THE MOON METAL

51

be the only one. The new miners hurried
specimens of the green-speckled rock to the
chemical laboratories for experimentation,
and meanwhile began to lay up stores of
the ore in anticipation of the time when
the proper way to extract the metal should
be discovered.

  But, alas! that time did not come. The
fresh ore proved to be as refractory as that
which had been obtained from Dr. Syx.
But in the midst of the universal disap-
pointment there came a new sensation.

ONE morning the newspapers glared
with a despatch from Grand Teton
station announcing that the metal itself
had been discovered by prospectors on the
eastern slope of the main peak.

  “It outcrops in many places,” ran the
despatch, “and many small nuggets have
been picked out of crevices in the rocks.”

  The excitement produced by this news
was even greater than when gold was dis-
covered at the South Pole. Again a mad
rush was made for the Tetons. The heights
around Jackson’s Hole and the shores of
Jackson’s and Jenny’s lakes were quickly
dotted with camps, and the military force
had to be doubled to keep off the curious,
and occasionally menacing, crowds which
gathered in the vicinity and seemed bent
on unearthing the great secret locked be-
hind the windowless walls of the mill.
There, the column of black smoke and the
roar of the engine served as reminders of
the incredible wealth which the sole pos-
sessor of that secret was rolling up.

  This time no mistake had been made.
It was a fact that the metal, in virgin
purity, had been discovered scattered in
various places on the ledges of the Grand
Teton. In a little while thousands had
obtained specimens with their own hands.
The quantity was distressingly small, con-
sidering the number and the eagerness of
the seekers, but that it was genuine arte-
misium not even Dr. Syx could have
denied. He, however, made no attempt to
deny it.

  “Yes,” he said when questioned, “I find
that I have been deceived. At first I

thought the metal existed only in the form
of the green ore, but of late I have come
upon veins of pure artemisium in my mine.
I am glad for your sakes, but sorry for
my own. Still, it may turn out that there
is no great amount of free artemisium,
after all.”

  While the doctor talked in this manner,
close observers detected a lurking sneer
which his acquaintances had not noticed
since artemisium was first adopted as the
money basis of the world.

  The crowd that swarmed upon the
mountain quickly exhausted all of the
visible supply of the metal. Sometimes
they found it in a thin stratum at the
bottom of crevices, where it could be de-
tached in opalescent plates and leaves of
the thickness of paper. These superficial
deposits evidently might have been formed
from water holding the metal in solution.
Occasionally, deep cracks contained nug-
gets and wiry masses which looked as if
they had run together when they were
molten.

  The most promising spots were soon
staked out in miners’ claims, machinery
was procured, • stock companies were
formed, and borings were begun. The en-
thusiasm arising from the earlier finds
and the flattering surface indications
caused everybody to work with feverish
haste and energy, and within two months
one hundred tunnels were piercing the
mountain.

  For a long time nobody was willing to
admit the truth which gradually forced
itself upon the attention of the miners.
The deeper they went the scarcer became
the indications of artemisium! In fact,
such deposits as were found were confined
to fissures near the surface. But Dr. Syx
continued to report a surprising increase
in the amount of free metal in his mine,
and this encouraged all who had not ex-
hausted their capital to push on their tun-
nels in the hope of finally striking a vein.
At length, however, the smaller operators
gave up in despair, until only one heavily
capitalized company still remained work-
ing.
52

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

CHAPTER VI

A STRANGE DISCOVERY

“TT IS my belief that Dr. Max Syx is
  A a deceiver.”

  The person who uttered this opinion
was a young engineer, Andrew Hall, who
had charge of the operations of one of
the mining companies which were driving
tunnels into the Grand Teton.

  “What do you mean by that?” asked
President Boon, who was the principal
backer of the enterprise.

  “I mean,” replied Hall, “that there is
no free metal in this mountain, and Dr.
Syx knows there is none.”

  “But he is getting it himself from his
mine,” retorted President Boon.

  “So he says, but who has seen it? No
one is admitted into the Syx mine, his
foremen are forbidden to talk, and his
workmen are specially imported negroes
who do not understand English.”

  “But,” persisted Mr. Boon, “how, then,
do you account for the nuggets scattered
over the mountain? And, besides, what
object could Dr. Syx have in pretending
that there is free metal to be had for the
digging?”

  “He may have salted the mountain,
for all I know,” said Hall. “As for his
object, I confess I am entirely in the
dark; but, for all that, I am convinced
that we shall find no more metal if we
dig ten miles for it.”

  “Nonsense,” said the president; “if we
keep on we shall strike. Did not Dr. Syx
himself admit that he found no free ar-
temisium until his tunnel had reached
the core of the peak? We must go as deep
as he has gone before we give up.”

  “I fear the depths he attains are be-
yond most people’s reach,” was Hall’s
answer, while a thoughtful look crossed
his clear-cut brow, “but since you desire
it, of course the work shall go on. I shall
like, however, to change the direction of
the tunnel.”

  “Certainly,” replied Mr. Boon; “bore
in whatever direction you think proper,
only don’t despair.”

ABOUT a month after this conversa-
tion, Andrew Hall, with whom a
community of tastes in many things had
made me intimately acquainted, asked
me one morning to accompany him into
his tunnel.

  “I want to have a trusty friend at my
elbow,” he said, “for, unless I am a
dreamer, something remarkable will hap-
pen within the next hour, and two wit-
nesses are better than one.”

  When we arrived at the head of the
tunnel I was surprised at finding no work-
men there.

  “I stopped blasting some time ago,’
said Hall in explanation, “for a reason
which, I hope, will become evident to you
very slowly, and yesterday I paid off the
men and dismissed them with the an-
nouncement, which, I am confident, Pres-
ident Boon will sanction after he hears
my report of this morning’s work, that
the tunnel is abandoned. You see, I am
now using a drill which I can manage
without assistance. I believe the work is
almost completed, and I want you to
witness the end of it.”

  He then carefully applied the drill,
which noiselessly screwed its nose into
the rock. When it had sunk to a depth
of a few inches he withdrew it, and, taking
a hand-drill capable of making a hole not
more than an eighth of an inch in diameter,
cautiously began boring in the center of
the larger cavity. He had made hardly
a hundred turns of the handle when the
drill shot through the rock! A gratified
smile illuminated his features, and he said
in a suppressed voice:

  “Don’t be alarmed; I’m going to put
out the light.”

  Instantly we were in complete dark-
ness, but being close at Hall’s side I could
detect his movements. He pulled out the
drill, and for half a minute remained
motionless as if listening. There was no
sound.

  “I must enlarge the opening,” he whis-
pered, and immediately the faint grating
of a sharp tool cutting through the rock
informed me of his progress.
THE MOON METAL

53

  “There,” at last he said. “I think that
will do; now for a look.”

  I could tell that he had placed his eye
at the hole and was gazing with breath-
less attention. Presently he pulled my
sleeve.

 “Put your eye here,” he whispered,
pushing me into the proper position for
looking through the hole.

  At first I could discern nothing except
a smoky blue glow. But soon my vision
cleared a little, and then I perceived that
I was gazing into a narrow tunnel which
met ours directly end to end. Glancing
along the axis of this gallery, I saw, some
two hundred yards away, a faint light
which evidently indicated the mouth of
the tunnel.

 At the end where we had met it the
mysterious tunnel was considerably
widened at one side, as if the excavators
had started to change direction and then
abandoned the work, and in this elbow
I could just see the outlines of two or
three flat cars loaded with broken stone,
while a heap of the same material lay
near them. Through the center of the
tunnel ran a railway track.

“T^O YOU know what you are looking
  -L'at?” asked Hall in my ear.

  “I begin to suspect,” I replied, “that
you have accidentally run into Dr. Syx’s
mine.”

 “If Dr. Syx had been on his guard
this accident wouldn’t have happened,”
replied Hall, with a low chuckle.

  “I heard you remark a month ago,” I
said, “that you were changing the direc-
tion of your tunnel. Has this been the
aim of your labors ever since?”

  “You have hit it,” he replied. “Long
ago I became convinced that my com-
pany was throwing away its money in a
vain attempt to strike a lode of pure
artemisium. But President Boon has great
faith in Dr. Syx. and would not give up
the work. So I adopted what I regarded
as the only practicable method of proving
the truth of my opinion and saving the
company’s funds.

  “An electric indicator, of my invention,
enabled me to locate the Syx tunnel when
I got near it, and I have met it end on,
and opened this peephole in order to ob-
serve the doctor’s operations. I feel that
such spying is entirely justified in the
circumstances. Although I cannot yet ex-
plain just how or why, I feel sure that
Dr. Syx was the cause of the sudden dis-
covery of the surface nuggets, and that he
has encouraged the miners for his own
ends, until he has brought ruin to thou-
sands who have spent their last cent in
driving useless tunnels into this mountain.
It is a righteous thing to expose him.”
“But,” I interposed, “I do not see that
you have exposed anything yet except
the interior of a tunnel.”

  “You will see more clearly after a
while,” was the reply.

  Hall now placed his eye again at the
aperture, and was unable entirely to repress
the exclamation that rose to ids lips. He
remained staring through the hole for
several minutes without uttering a word.
Presently I noticed that the lenses of his
eye were illuminated by a ray of light
coming through the hole, but he did not
stir.

  After a long inspection he suddenly
applied his ear to the hole and listened
intently for at least five minutes. Not a
sound was audible to me, but, by an
occasional pressure of the hand, Hall
signified that some important disclosure
was reaching his sense of hearing. At
length he removed his ear.

  “Pardon me,” he whispered, “for keep-
ing you so long in waiting, but what I
have just seen and overheard was of a
nature to admit of no interruption. He
is still talking, and by pressing your ear
against the hole you may be able to catch
what he says.”

  “Who is ‘he’?”

  “Look for yourself.”

  I placed my eye at the aperture, and
almost recoiled with the violence of my
surprise. The tunnel before me was bril-
liantly illuminated, and within three feet
of the wall of rock behind which we
54

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

crouched stood Dr. Syx, his dark profile
looking almost satanic in the sharp con-
trast of light and shadow. He was talking
to one of his foremen, and the two were
the only visible occupants of the tunnel.
Putting my ear to the little opening, I
heard his words distinctly:

  “-end of their rope. Well, they’ve

spent a pretty lot of money for their ex-
perience, and I rather think we shall not
be troubled again by artemisium-seekers
for some time to come.”

  The doctor’s voice ceased, and instantly
I clapped my eye to the hole. He had
changed his position so that his black eyes
now looked straight at the aperture. My
heart was in my mouth, for at first I
believed from his expression that he had
detected the gleam of my eyeball. But if
so, he probably mistook it for a bit of mica
in the rock, and paid no further attention.
Then his lips moved, and I put my ear
again to the hole. He seemed to be reply-
ing to a question the foreman had asked.

  “If they do,” he said, “they will never
guess the real secret.”

  Thereupon he turned on his heel, kicked
a bit of rock off the track, and strode
away toward the entrance. The foreman
paused long enough to turn out the elec-
tric lamp, and then followed the doctor.

  “Well,” asked Hall, “what have you
heard?”

  I told him everything.

  “It fully corroborates the evidence of
my own eyes and ears,” he remarked, “and
we may count ourselves extremely lucky.
It is not likely that Dr. Syx will be heard
a second time proclaiming his deception
with his own lips. It is plain that he was
led to talk as he did to the foreman on
account of the latter’s having informed
him of the sudden discharge of my men
this morning. Their presence within ear-
shot of our hiding-place during their con-
versation was, of course, pure accident,
and so you can see how kind fortune has
been to us. I expected to have to watch
and listen and form deductions for a week,
at least, before getting the information
which five lucky minutes have given us.”

  While he was speaking my companion
busied himself in carefully plugging up
the hole in the rock. When it was closed
to his satisfaction he turned on the light
in our tunnel.

  “Did you observe,” he asked, “that there
was a second tunnel?”

  “What do you say?”

  “When the light was on in there I
saw the mouth of a smaller tunnel enter-
ing the main one behind the cars on the
right. Did you notice it?”

  “Oh, yes,” I replied. “I did observe
some kind of a dark hole there, but I
paid no attention to it because I was so
absorbed in the doctor.”

  “Well,” rejoined Hall, smiling, “it was
worth considerably more than a glance.
As a matter of thought I find it even more
absorbing than Dr. Syx. Did you see the
track in it?”

  “No,” I had to acknowledge, “I did not
notice that. But,” I continued, a little
piqued by his manner, “being a branch of
the main tunnel, I don’t see anything re-
markable in its having a track also.”

  “It was rather dim in that hole,” said
Hall, still smiling in a somewhat provok-
ing way, “but the railroad track was there
plain enough. And, whether you think it
remarkable or not, I should like to lay you
a wager that that track leads to a secret
worth a dozen of the one we have just
overheard.”

CHAPTER VII

A MYSTERY INDEED!

WHEN President Boon had heard our
story he promptly approved Hall’s
dismissal of the men. He expressed great
surprise that Dr. Syx should have resorted
to a deception which had been so disastrous
to innocent people, and at first he talked
of legal proceedings. But after thinking
the matter over he concluded that Syx was
too powerful to be attacked with success.
Especially when the only evidence against
him was that he had claimed to find ar-
temisium in his mine at a time when, as
everybody knew, artemisium actually was
THE MOON METAL

55

found outside the mine. There was no
apparent motive for the deception, and
no proof of malicious intent. In short, Mr.
Boon decided that the best thing for him
and his stockholders to do was to keep
silent about their losses and await events.
And, at Hall’s suggestion, he also de-
termined to say nothing to anybody about
the discovery we had made.

  “It could do no good,” said Hall, in
making the suggestion, “and it might
spoil a plan I have in mind.”

  “What plan?” asked the president.

  “I prefer not to tell just yet,” was the
reply.

  A few days afterward I received an
invitation from Hall to accompany him
once more into the abandoned tunnel.

  “I have found out what that side-track
means,” he said, “and it has plunged me
into another mystery so dark and pro-
found that I cannot see my way through
it. I must beg you to say no word to any
one concerning what I show you.”

  I gave the required promise, and we
entered the tunnel, which nobody had
visited since our former adventure. Hav-
ing extinguished our lamp, my companion
opened the peep-hole, and a thin ray
of light streamed through from the tunnel
on the opposite side of the wall. He applied
his eye to the hole.

  “Yes,” he said, quickly stepping back
and pushing me into his place, “they are
still at it. Look and tell me what you see.”
“I see,” 1 replied, after placing my eye
at the aperture, “a gang of men unloading
a car which has just come out of the side
tunnel, and putting its contents upon an-
other car standing on the track of the
main tunnel.”

  “Yes, and what are they handling?”
  “Why, ore, of course.”

  “And do you see nothing significant in
lhat?”

  “To be sure!” I exclaimed. “The ore
may have come back from the furnace-
room, because the side tunnel turns off
so as to run parallel with the other.”

  “It not only may have come back, it
actually has come back,” said Hall.

  “How can you be sure?”

  “Because I have been over the track,
and know that it leads to a secret apart-
ment directly under the furnace in which
Dr. Syx pretends to melt the ore!”

FOR a minute after hearing this avowal
I was speechless.

  “Are you serious?” I asked at length.

  “Perfectly serious. Run your finger along
the rock here. Do you perceive a seam?
Two days ago, after seeing what you have
just witnessed in the Syx tunnel, I care-
fully cut out a section of the wall, making
an aperture large enough to crawl through,
and, when I knew the workmen were asleep,
I crept in there and examined both tunnels
from end to end. But in solving one mys-
tery I have run myself into another
infinitely more perplexing.”

  “How is that?”

  “Why does Dr. Syx take such elaborate
pains to deceive his visitors, and also the
government officers? It is now plain that
he conducts no mining operations what-
ever. This mine of his is a gigantic blind.
W'henever inspectors or scientific curiosity
seekers visit his mill his mute workmen
assume the air of being very busy. The cars
laden with his so-called ‘ore’ rumble out
of the tunnel and their contents are osten-
tatiously poured into the furnace, or ap-
pear to be poured into it, really dropping
into a receptacle beneath, to be carried
back into the mine again. And then the
doctor leads his gulled visitors around to
the other side of the furnace and shows
them the molten metal coming out in
streams.

  “Now, what does it all mean? That’s
what I’d like to find out. What’s his game?
For, mark you, if he doesn’t get artemisium
from this pretended ore, he gets it from
some other source, and right on this spot,
too. There is no doubt about that. The
whole world is supplied by Syx’s furnace
with something that comes from his ten
acres of Grand Teton rock. What is that
something? How does he get it, and where
does he hide it? These are the things I
should like to find out.”
56

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  “What will you do?” I asked.

  “I don’t know exactly what. But I’ve
got a dim idea which may take shape after
a while.”

  Hall was silent for some time; then he
suddenly asked:

  “Did you ever hear of that queer show
with which Dr. Syx entertained the mem-
bers of the financial commission?”

  “Yes, I’ve heard the story, but I don’t
think it was ever made public.”

  “No, I believe not. Odd thing, wasn’t
it, making a feature of the moon?”

  “Why, yes, very odd, but just like the
doctor’s eccentric ways, though. He’s
always doing something to astonish some-
body, without any apparent earthly reason.
But what put you in mind of that?”
“Free artemisium put me in mind of
it,” replied Hall quizzically.

  “I don’t see the connection.”

  “I’m not sure that I do either, but when
dealing with Dr. Syx nothing is too im-
probable to be thought of.”

CHAPTER VIII

MORE OF DR. SYX’S MAGIC

IMPORTANT business called me East
soon after the meeting with Hall de-
scribed in the foregoing chapter, and before
I again saw the Grand Teton very stirring
events had taken place.

  After the failure of the mining opera-
tions there was a moderate revival of the
efforts to reduce the Teton ore, but no
success cheered the experimenters. Prospec-
tors also wandered all over the earth look-
ing for pure artemisium, but in vain. The
general public, knowing nothing of what
Hall had discovered, and still believing
Syx’s story that he also had found pure
artemisium in his mine, accounted for the
failure of the tunneling operations on the
supposition that the metal, in a free state,
was excessively rare, and that Dr. Syx had
had the luck to strike the only vein of it
that the Grand Teton contained. As if to
give countenance to this opinion, Dr. Syx
now announced, in the most public manner,
that he had been deceived again, and that

the vein of free metal he had struck being
exhausted, no other had appeared. Accord-
ingly, he said, he must henceforth rely ex-
clusively, as in the beginning, upon reduc-
tion of the ore.

  Artemisium had proved itself an im-
mense boon to mankind, and the new era
of commercial prosperity which it had
ushered in already exceeded everything
that the world had known in the past.
School-children learned that human civili-
zation had taken five great strides, known
respectively, beginning at the bottom, as
the “age of stone,” the “age of bronze,”
the “age of iron,” the “age of gold,” and
the “age of artemisium.”

  Nevertheless, sources of dissatisfaction
finally began to appear, and, after the
nature of such things, they developed with
marvelous rapidity. People began to
grumble about “contraction of the cur-
rency.” In every country there arose a
party which demanded “free money.”
Demagogues pointed to the brief reign of
paper money after the demonetization of
gold as a happy period, when the people
had enjoyed their rights, and the “money
barons” were kept at bay.

  Then came denunciations of the inter-
national commission for restricting the
coinage. Dr. Syx was described as “a
devil-fish sucking the veins of the planet
and holding it helpless in the grasp of his
tentacular billions.” In the United States,
meetings of agitators passed furious reso-
lutions. denouncing the government, assail-
ing the rich, cursing Dr. Syx, and calling
upon “the oppressed” to rise and “take
their own.” The final outcome was, of
course, violence. Mobs had to be sup-
pressed by military force. But the most
dramatic scene in the tragedy occurred at
the Grand Teton. Excited by inflammatory
speeches and printed documents, several
thousand armed men assembled in the
neighborhood of Jenny’s Lake and pre-
pared to attack the Syx mine. For some
reason the military guard had been de-
pleted, and the mob, under the leadership
of a man named Bings, who showed no
little talent as a commander and strategist.
fHE MOON METAL

57

surprised the small force of soldiers and
locked them up in their own guard-house.

  Telegraphic communication having been
cut off by Bings, a fierce attack was made
on the mine. The assailants swarmed up
the sides of the canyon, and attempted to
break in through the foundation of the
buildings. But the masonry was stronger
than they had anticipated, and the attack
failed. Sharp-shooters then climbed the
neighboring heights, and kept up an in-
cessant peppering of the walls.

  No reply came from the gloomy struc-
ture. The huge column of black smoke
rose uninterruptedly into the sky, and
the noise of the great engine never ceased
for an instant. The mob gathered closer
on all sides and redoubled the fire of the
rifles, to which was now added the belch-
ing of several machine-guns. Ragged holes
began to appear in the walls, and at the
sight of these the assailants yelled with
delight. It was evident that the mill could
not long withstand so destructive a bom-
bardment.

UDDENLY it became evident that the
besieged were about to take a hand in
the fight. Thus far they had not shown
themselves or fired a shot, but now a move-
ment was perceived on the roof, and the
projecting arms of some kind of machinery
became visible. Many marksmen concen-
trated their fire upon the mysterious ob-
jects, but apparently with little effect.
Bings, mounted 011 a rock, so as to com-
mand a clear view of the field, was on the
point of ordering a party to rush forward
with axes and beat down the formidable
doors, when there came a blinding flash
from the roof, something swished through
the air, and a gust of heat met the assail-
ants in the face. Bings dropped dead from
his perch, and then, as if the scythe of the
Destroyer had swung downward, and to
the right and left in quick succession, the
close-packed mob was leveled, rank after
rank, until the few survivors crept behind
rocks for refuge.

  Instantly the atmospheric broom swept
up and down the canyon and across the

mountain's flanks, and the marksmen fell
in bunches like shaken grapes. Nine-tenths
of the besiegers were destroyed within ten
minutes after the first movement had been
noticed on the roof. Those who survived
owed their escape to the rocks which con-
cealed them, and they lost no time in
crawling off into neighboring chasms, and.
as soon as they were beyond eye-shot from
the mill, they fled with panic speed.

THEN the towering form of Dr. Syx
appeared at the door. Emerging with-
out sign of fear or excitement, he picked
his way among his fallen enemies, and.
approaching the military guard-house, un-
did the fastening and set the imprisoned
soldiers free.

  “I think I am paying rather dear for
my whistle,” he said, with a characteristic
sneer, to Captain Carter, the commander
of the troop. “It seems that I must not
only defend my own people and property
when attacked by mob force, but must also
come to the rescue of the soldiers whose
pay-rolls are met from my pocket.”

  The captain made no reply, and Dr. Syx
strode back to the works. When the re-
leased soldiers saw what had occurred their
amazement had no bounds. It was neces-
sary at once to dispose of the dead, and
this was no easy undertaking for their
small force. However, they accomplished
it, and at the beginning of their work made
a most surprising discovery.

  “How’s this, Jim?” said one of the men
to his comrade, as they stooped to lift the
nearest victim of Dr. Syx’s withering fire.
“What’s this fellow got all over him?”
“Artemisium, ’pon my soul!” responded
“Jim,” staring at the body. “He’s all coated
over with it.”

  Immediately from all sides came similar
exclamations. Every man who had fallen
was covered with a film of the precious
metal, as if he had been dipped into an
electrolytic bath. Clothing seemed to have
been charred, and the metallic atoms had
penetrated the flesh of the victims. The
rocks all around the battle-field were
similarly veneered.
58

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  “It looks to me,” said Captain Carter,
“as if old Syx had turned one of his
spouts of artemisium into a hose-pipe and
soaked ’em with it.”

  “That’s it,” chimed in a lieutenant;
“that’s exactly what he’s done.”

  “Well,” returned the captain, “if he can
do that, I don’t see what use he’s got for
us here.”

  “Probably he don’t want to waste the
stuff,” said the lieutenant. “It must have
cost him plenty to plate this crowd! ”

  The story of the marvelous way in which
Dr. Syx defended his mill became the
sensation of the world for many days.
The hose-pipe theory, struck off on the
spot by Captain Carter, seized the popular
fancy, and was generally accepted without
further question. Moreover, no one could
deny that Dr. Syx was well within his
rights in defending himself by any means
when so savagely attacked, and his trium-
phant success, no less than the ingenuity
which was supposed to underlie it, placed
him in an heroic light which he had not
hitherto enjoyed.

  As to the demagogues who were re-
sponsible for the outbreak and its terrible
consequences, they slunk out of the public
eye, and the result of the battle at the
mine seemed to have been a clearing up of
the atmosphere, such as a thunderstorm
effects at the close of a season of foul
weather.

  But now, little as men guessed it, the
beginning of the end was close at hand.

CHAPTER IX

THE DETECTIVE OF SCIENCE

THE morning of my arrival at Grand
Teton station, on my return from the
East, Andrew Hall met me with a warm
greeting.

  “I have been anxiously expecting you,”
he said, “for I have made some progress
toward solving the great mystery. I have
not yet reached a conclusion, but I hope
soon to let you into the entire secret. In
the meantime you can aid me with your
companionship, if in no other way, for,

since the defeat of the mob, this place has
been mighty lonesome. I am on speaking
terms with Dr. Syx, and occasionally, when
there is a party to be shown around, I
visit his works, and make the best pos-
sible use of my eyes. Captain Carter of
the military is a capital fellow, but I want
somebody to whom I can occasionally con-
fide things, and so you are as welcome as
moonlight in harvest-time.”

  “Tell me something about that wonder-
ful fight with the mob. Did you see it?”
“I did. I had got wind of what Bings
intended to do while I was down at Poco-
tello, and I hurried up here to warn the
soldiers, but unfortunately I came too late.
Finding the military cooped up in the
guard-house and the mob masters of the
situation, I kept out of sight on the side
of the Teton, and watched the siege with
my binocular.”

  “What of the mysterious force that the
doctor employed to sweep off the assail-
ants?”

  “Of course Captain Carter’s suggestion
that Syx turned molten artemisium from
his furnace into a hose-pipe and sprayed
the enemy with it is ridiculous. But it is
much easier to dismiss Carter’s theory than
to substitute a better one. I saw the doctor
on the roof with a gang of black workmen,
and I noticed the flash of polished metal
turned rapidly this way and that, but
there was some intervening obstacle which
prevented me from getting a good view
of the mechanism employed. It certainly
bore no resemblance to a hose-pipe, or
anything of that kind. No emanation was
visible from the machine, but it was stupe-
fying to see the mob melt down.”

  “How about the coating of the bodies
with artemisium?”

  “There you are back on the hose-pipe
again,” laughed Hall. “But, to tell you
the truth, I’d rather be excused from
expressing an opinion on that operation
in wholesale electro-plating just at pres-
ent. I’ve the ghost of an idea what it
means, but let me test my theory a little
before I formulate it. In the meanwhile,
won’t you take a stroll with me?”
THE MOON METAL

59

  “Certainly; nothing could please me
better,” I replied. “Which way shall we
go?”

  “To the top of the Grand Teton.”
“What, are you seized with the moun-
tain-climbing fever?”

  “Not exactly, but I have a particular
reason for wishing to take a look from
that pinnacle.”

  “I suppose you know the real apex
of the peak has never been trodden by
man?”

  “I do know it, but it is just that apex
that I am determined to have under my
feet for ten minutes. The failure of others
is no argument for us.”

  “Just as you say,” I rejoined. “But
I suppose there is no indiscretion in ask-
ing whether this little climb has any re-
lation to the mystery?”

  “If it didn’t have an important relation
to the clearing up of that dark thing I
wouldn’t risk my neck in such an under-
taking,” was the reply.

ACCORDINGLY, the next morning
we set out for the peak. All previous
climbers, as we were aware, had attacked
it from the west. That seemed the obvi-
ous thing to do, because the westward
slopes of the mountain, while very steep,
are less abrupt than those which face the
rising sun. In fact, the eastern side of the
Grand Teton appears to be absolutely un-
climbable. But both Hall and I had had
experience with rock-climbing in the Alps
and the Dolomites, and we knew that what
look like the hardest places sometimes
turn out to be next to the easiest. Accord-
ingly we decided—the more particularly
because it would save time, but also be-
cause we yielde^ to the common desire to
outdo our predecessors—to try to scale
the giant right up his face.

  We carried a very light but exceedingly
strong rope about five hundred feet long,
wore nail-shod shoes and had each a metal-
pointed staff and a small hatchet in lieu
of the regular mountaineer’s ax. Advancing
at first along the broken ridge between
two gorges, we gradually approached the

steeper part of the Teton where the cliffs
looked so sheer and smooth that it seemed
no wonder that nobody had ever tried to
scale them. The air was deliciously clear
and the sky wonderfully blue above the
mountains, and the moon, a few days past
its last quarter, was visible in the south-
west, its pale crescent face slightly blued
by the atmosphere, as it always appears
when seen in daylight.

    Slow westering, a phantom sail—

     The lonely soul of yesterday.

BEHIND us, somewhat north of east,
lay the Syx works, with their black
smoke rising almost vertically in the still
air. Suddenly, as we stumbled along on the
rough surface, something whizzed past my
face and fell on the rock at my feet. I
looked at the strange missile that had come
like a meteor out of open space with
astonishment.

  It was a bird. It lay motionless, its out-
stretched wings having a curious shriveled
aspect, while the flaming color of the
breast was half obliterated with smutty
patches. Stooping to pick it up, I noticed a
slight bronzing, which instantly recalled
to my mind the peculiar appearance of
the victims of the attack on the mine.

  “Look here!” I called to Hall, who
was several yards in advance. He turned,
and I held up the bird by a wing.

  “Where did you get that?” he asked.

  “It fell at my feet a moment ago.”

  Hall glanced in a startled manner at
the sky, and then down the slope of the
mountain.

  “Did you notice in what direction it
was flying?” he asked.

  “No; it dropped so close that it almost
grazed my nose. I saw nothing of it until
it made me blink.”

  “I have been heedless,” muttered Hall
under his breath. At the time I did not
notice the singularity of his remark, my
attention being absorbed in contemplating
the unfortunate tanager.

  “Look how its feathers are scorched,”
I said.
60

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  “I know it,” Hall replied, without
glancing at the bird.

  '‘And it is covered with a film of ar-
temisium,” I added, a little piqued by his
abstraction.

  “I know that, too.” .

  “See here, Hall,” I exclaimed, “are
you trying to make game of me?”

  “Not at all, my dear fellow,” he re-
plied, dropping his cogitation. “Pray for-
give me. But this is no new phenomenon
to me. I have picked up birds in that
condition on this mountain before. There
is a terrible mystery here, but I am slowly
letting light into it, and if we succeed in
reaching the top of the peak I have good
hope that the illumination will increase.

  “Here, now,” he added a moment later,
sitting down upon a rock and thrusting
the blade of his penknife into a crevice,
“what do you think of this?”

  He held up a little nugget of pure ar-
temisium, and then went on:

  “You know that all this slope was
swept as clean as a Dutch housewife’s
kitchen floor by the thousands of miners
and prospectors who swarmed over it a
year or two ago, and do you suppose they
would have missed such a tidbit if it had
been here then?”

  “Dr. Syx must have been salting the
mountain again,” I suggested.

  “Well,” replied Hall, with a signifi-
cant smile, “if the doctor hasn’t salted it
somebody else has, that’s plain enough.
But perhaps you would like to know pre-
cisely what I expect to find out when we

get on the topknot of the Teton.”

  “I should certainly be delighted to learn
the object of our journey,” I said assur-
ingly.

  “It is of supreme importance to the
success of my plans. In a word, I hope
to be able to look down into a part of
Dr. Syx’s mill, which, if I am not mis-
taken, no human eye except his and those
of his most trustworthy helpers has ever
been permitted to see. And if I see there
what I fully expect to see, I shall have
got a long step nearer to a great fortune.”
“Good!” I cried. “En avant, then! We
are losing time.”

CHAPTER X

THE TOP OF THE GRAND TETON

THE climbing soon became difficult, un-
til at length we were going up hand
over hand, taking advantage of crevices
and knobs which an inexperienced eye
would have regarded as incapable of af-
fording a grip for the fingers or a support
for the toes. Presently we arrived at the
foot of a stupendous precipice, which was
absolutely insurmountable by any ordinary
method of ascent. Parts of it overhung,
and everywhere the face of the rock was
too free from irregularities to afford foot-
ing except to a fly.

  “Now, to borrow the expression of old
Bunyan, we are hard put to it,” I re-
marked. “If you will go to the left I will
take the right and see if there is any
chance of getting up.”

YOU PEOPLE
MUST BE CRAZY
TO GIVE AWAY
SHAVING CREAM

- CRAZ55 NOTMIN6I-HSAWY
EVERY SO-SHAVE SAMPLE
OF LISTERINE SHAVING
CREAM WE GIVE AWAV
MAKES A CUSTOMCR!y

 TrtTME LATHER! 24 QUARTS
 IN THE RESVIAR TOBE-ENOU6M
 FOR3 Ftfli. MONTHS—So RICH
 IT REALLY WILTS WHISKERS-
 AHP iOOTHIN«!-W6Ll,TA*£A
 TUBE AND SEE MR YDUn.iOJ.

   THAT SAMPLE TUOB
   SURE MADE A CUSTOMER
   I 0OT OF ME — SMOOTHEST ,
   shave rvc even, hap-J
   /-AND VOM'T F0R6CT BIU.WI1
   l MARE A StVCU. BHUfHUSSj
   SCREAM TOO!/

 ONE WEEK LAT£R I

20 SHAVES FREE

Lambert Pharmacal Co., Dept. 86, St. Louis, Mo. Please send me
free and postpaid your large sample tube of □ Listerine Shaving
Cream; □ Listerine Brushlcss Cream. (Check whichever is desired.)

Name.

City.

 .Address.

 .State.
THE MOON METAL

61

  “I don’t believe we could find any place
easier than this,” Hall replied, “and so
up we go where we are.”

  “Have you a pair of wings concealed
about you?” I asked, laughing at his
folly.

  “Well, something nearly as good,” he
responded, unstrapping his knapsack. He
produced a silken bag, which he unfolded
on the rock.

  “A balloon!” I exclaimed. “But how
are you going to inflate it?”

  For reply Hall showed me a receptacle
which, he said, contained liquid hydrogen.

  “This balloon I made for our present
purpose. It will just suffice to carry up
our rope and a small but practically un-
breakable grapple of hardened gold. I
calculate to send the grapple to the top
of the precipice with the balloon, and when
it has obtained a firm hold in the riven
rock there we can ascend, sailor fashion.
You see the rope has knots, and I know
your muscles are perfectly trustworthy in
such work.

  There was a slight breeze from the east-
ward, and the current of air slanting up
the face of the peak assisted the balloon
in mounting with its burden and favored
us by promptly swinging the little airship,
with the grapple swaying beneath it, over
the brow of the cliff into the atmospheric
eddy above. As soon as we saw that the
grapple was well over the edge we pulled
upon the rope. The balloon instantly shot
into view with the anchor dancing, but,
under the influence of the wind, quickly
returned to its former position behind the
projecting brink. The grapple had failed
to take hold.

  “ ‘Try, try again’ must be our motto
now,” muttered Hall.

  We tried several times with the same
result, although each time we slightly
shifted our position. At last the grapple
caught.

  “Now, all together!” cried my com-
panion, and simultaneously we threw our
weight upon the slender rope. The anchor
apparently did not give an inch.

  “Let me go first,” said Hall, pushing

me aside as I caught the first knot above
my head. “It’s my device, and it’s only
fair that I should have the first try.”

  In a minute he was many feet up the
wall, climbing swiftly hand over hand,
but occasionally stopping and twisting his
leg around the rope while he took breath.

  “It’s easier than I expected,” he called
down, when he had ascended about one
hundred feet. “Here and there the rock
offers a little hold for the knees.”

  I watched him, breathless with anxiety,
and, as he got higher, my imagination
pictured the little gold grapple, invisible
above the brow of the precipice, with per-
haps a single thin prong wedged into a
crevice, and slowly ploughing its way to-
ward the edge with each impulse of the
climber, until but another pull was needed
to set it flying! So vivid was my fancy
that I tried to banish it by noticing that
a certain knot in the rope remained just
at the level of my eyes, where it had been
from the start. Hall was now fully two
hundred feet above the ledge on which I
stood, and was rapidly nearing the top
of the precipice. In a minute more he
would be safe.

  Suddenly he shouted, and, glancing up
with a leap of the heart, 1 saw that he
was falling! He kept his face to the rock,
and came down feet foremost. It would
be useless to attempt any description of
my feelings; I would not go through that
experience again for the price of a battle-
ship. Yet it lasted less than a second. He
had dropped not more than ten feet when
the fall was arrested.

  “All right!” he called cheerily. “No
harm done! It was only a slip.”

  But what a slip! If the balloon had not
carried the anchor several yards back
from the edge it would have had no op-
portunity to catch another hold as it shot
forward. And how could we know that
the second hold would prove more secure
than the first? Hall did not hesitate, how-
ever, for one instant. Up he went again,
fiut, in fact, his best chance was in going
up, for he was within four yards of the
top when the mishap occurred. With a
62

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

 sigh of relief I saw him at last throw his
 arm over the verge and then wriggle his
 body upon the ledge. A few seconds later
 he was lying on his stomach, with his face
 over the edge, looking down at me.

    “Come on!” he shouted. “It’s all right.”

 WHEN I had pulled myself over the
 brink at his side I grasped his hand
 and pressed it without a word. We under-
 stood each other.

   “It was pretty close to a miracle,” he
 remarked at last. “Look at this.”

   The rock over which the grapple had
 slipped was deeply scored by the unyield-
 ing point of the metal, and exactly at the
 verge of the precipice the prong had
 wedged itself into a narrow crack so firmly
 that we had to chip away the stone in
 order to release it. If it had slipped a single
 inch farther before taking hold it would
 have been all over with my friend.

   Such experiences shake the strongest
 nerves, and we sat on the shelf we had
 attained for fully a quarter of an hour
 before we ventured to attack the next
 precipice, which hung beetling directly
 above us. It was not as lofty as the one
 we had just ascended, but it impended
 to such a degree that we saw we should
 have to climb our rope while it swung
 free in the air!

    Luckily we had little difficulty in get-
 ting a grip for the prongs, and we took
 every precaution to test the security of
 the anchorage, not only putting our com-
 t bined weight repeatedly upon the rope,
 but flipping and jerking it with all our
 strength. The grapple resisted every effort
 to dislodge it, and finally I started up,
 insisting on my turn as leader.

   The height I had to ascend did not
 exceed one hundred feet, but that is a
 very great distance to climb on a swing-
 ing rope, without a wall within reach to
 assist by its friction and occasional
 friendly projections. In a little while my
 movements, together with the effect of
 the slight wind, had imparted a most
 distressing oscillation to the rope. This
 sometimes carried me with a nerve-shak-

 ing bang against a prominent point of
 the precipice, where I would dislodge
 loose fragments that kept Hall dodging
 for his life, and then I would swing out,
 apparently beyond the brow of the cliff
 below, so that, as I involuntarily glanced
 downward, I seemed to be hanging in
 free space, while the steep mountainside,
 looking ten times steeper than it really
 was, resembled the vertical wall of an
 absolutely bottomless abyss, as if I were
 suspended over the edge of the world.

  I avoided thinking of what the grapple
might be about, and in my haste to get
through with the awful experience I
worked myself fairly out of breath, so
that when at last I reached the rounded
brow of the cliff I had to stop and cling
there for fully a minute before I could
summon strength enough to lift myself
over it.

  When I was assured that the grapple
was still securely fastened I signalled to
Hall, and he soon stood at my side, ex-
claiming as he wiped the perspiration from
his face:

  “I think I’ll try wings next time!”

  But our difficulties had only begun. As
we had foreseen, it was a case of Alp above
Alp, to the very limit of human strength
and patience. However, it would have
been impossible to go back. In order to
descend the two precipices we had sur-
mounted it would have been necessary to
leave our lifelines clinging to the rocks,
and we had not rope enough to do that. If
we could not reach the top we were lost.

HAVING refreshed ourselves with a
bite to eat and a little stimulant,
we resumed the climb. After several hours
of the most exhausting work I have ever
performed we pulled our weary limbs upon
the narrow ridge, but a few square yards
in area, which constitutes the apex of the
Grand Teton. A little below, on the oppo-
site side of a steep-walled gap which di-
vides the top of the mountain into two
parts, we saw the singular inclosure of
stones which the early white explorers
found there, and which they ascribed to
THE MOON METAL

63

the Indians, although nobody has ever
known who built it or what purpose it
served.

  The view was, of course, superb, but
while I was admiring it in all its wonder-
ful extent and variety, Hall, who had im-
mediately pulled out his binocular, was
busy inspecting the Syx works, the top
of whose great tufted smoke column was
thousands of feet beneath our level.

  “There!” suddenly exclaimed Hall, “I
thought 1 should find it.”

 “What?”

  “Take a look through my glass at the
roof of Syx’s mill. Look just in the center.”
“Why, it’s open in the middle!” I cried
as soon as I had put the glass to my eyes.
“There’s a big circular hole in the center
of the roof.”

  “Look inside! Look inside!” repeated
Hall impatiently.

  “I see something bright.”

 “You’ve been in the Syx works many
times, haven’t you?”

 ‘“Yes.”

  “Did you ever see the opening in the
roof?”

  “Never.”

  “Did you ever hear of it?”

  “Never.”

  “Then Dr. Syx doesn’t show his visitors
 everything that is to be seen.”

  “Evidently not, since, as we know, he
concealed the double tunnel and the room
under the furnace.”

  “Dr. Syx has concealed a bigger secret
 than that,” Hall responded, “and the
 Grand Teton has helped me to a glimpse
 of it.”

  For several minutes my friend was ab-
sorbed in thought. Then he broke out:

  “I tell you he’s the most wonderful
man in the world!”

  “Who? Dr. Svx? Well, I’ve long thought
 that.”

  “Well, now,” said Hall, rubbing his
hands with a satisfied air, while his eyes
glanced keen and bright with the reflec-
tion of some passing thought, “Max Syx
is greater than any alchemist that ever
lived. If those old fellows in the dark ages

 had accomplished everything they set out
 to do, they would have been of no more
 consequence in comparison with our black-
 browed friend down yonder than—than
 my head is of Gonsequence in comparison
 with the moon.”

  “I fear you flatter the man in the
moon,” was my laughing reply.

  “No, I don’t,” returned Hall, “and
some day you’ll admit it.”

  “Well, what about that something that
shines down there? You seem to see more
in it than I can.”

  But my companion had fallen into a
reverie and didn’t hear my question. He
was gazing abstractedly at the faint image
of the waning moon, now nearing the
distant mountain-top over in Idaho. Pres-
ently his mind seemed to return to the
old magnet, and he whirled about and
glanced down at the Syx mill. The column
of smoke was diminishing in volume, an
indication that the engine was about to
enjoy one of its periodical rests. The ir-
regularity of these stoppages had always
been a subject of remark among practical
engineers. The hours of labor were ex-
ceedingly erratic, but the engine had never
been known to work at night, except on
one occasion, and then only for a few
minutes, when it was suddenly stopped on
account of a fire.

  Just as Hall resumed his inspection,
two huge quarter spheres, which had been
resting wide apart on the roof, moved
toward one another until their arched sec-
tions met over the circular aperture which
they covered like the dome of an ob-
servatory.

  “I expected it,” Hall remarked. “But
come, it is mid-afternoon, and we shall
need all of our time to get safely down
before the light fades.”

  Letting ourselves down with the rope
into the hollow way that divides the sum-
mit of the Teton into two pinnacles, we
had no difficulty in descending by the
route followed by all previous climbers.
The weather was fine, and, having found
good shelter among the rocks, we passed
the night in comfort. The next day we
64

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

succeeded in swinging round upon the
eastern flank of the Teton, below the more
formidable cliffs, and, just at nightfall, we
arrived at the station. As we passed the
Syx mine the doctor himself confronted
us. There was a very displeasing look on
his countenance, and his sneer was strongly
marked.

 “So you have been on top of the
Teton?” he said.

  “Yes,” replied Hall very blandly; “and
if you have a taste for that sort of thing
I should advise you to go up. The view
is immense—as fine as the best in the
Alps.”

  “Pretty ingenious plan, that balloon of
yours,” continued the doctor, still looking
black.

  “Thank you,” Hall replied more suavely
than ever. “I’ve been planning that a long
time. You probably don’t know that moun-
taineering used to be my chief amuse-
ment.”

  The doctor turned away without pur-
suing the conversation.

  “I could kick myself,” Hall muttered
as soon as Dr. Syx was out of earshot.
“If my absurd wish to outdo others had
not blinded me, I should have known that
he would see us going up this side of the
peak, particularly with the balloon to give
us away. However, what’s done can’t be
undone. He may not really suspect the
truth, and if he does he can’t help him-
self, even though he is the richest man in
the world.”

CHAPTER XI

STRANGE FATE OF A KITE

“ A RE you ready for another tramp?”
was Andrew Hall’s greeting when
we met early on the morning following
our return from the peak.

  “Certainly I am. What is your program
for today?”

  “I wish to test the flying qualities of
a kite which I have constructed since our
return last night.”

  “You don’t allow the calls of sleep to
interfere very much with your activity.”

  “I haven’t much time for sleep just
now,” repiled Hall, without smiling. “The
kite test will carry us up the flanks of the
Teton, but I am not going to try for the
top this time. If you will come along, I’ll
ask you to help me by carrying and oper-
ating a light transit. I shall carry another
myself. I am desirous to get the elevation
that the kite attains, and certain other
data that will be of use to me. We will
make a detour toward the south, for I
don’t want old Syx’s suspicions to be prod-
ded any more.”

  “What interest can he have in your
kite-flying?”

  “The same interest that a burglar has in
the rap of a policeman’s night-stick.”

  In a few hours we were clambering over
the broken rocks on the southeastern flank
of the Teton at an elevation of about
three thousand feet above the level of
Jackson’s Hole. Finally Hall paused and
began to put his kite together.

  “In order to diminish the chances of
Dr. Syx noticing what we are about,” he
said, as he worked away, “I have covered
the kite with sky-blue paper. This, to-
gether with distance, will probably insure
us against his notice.”

  Having ascertained the direction of the
wind with much attention, he stationed
me with my transit on a commanding
rock, and sought another post for him-
self at a distance of two hundred yards,
which he carefully measured with a gold
tape. My instructions were to keep the
telescope on the kite as soon as it had
attained a considerable height, and to
note the angle of elevation and the hori-
zontal angle with the base line joining
our points of observation.

  “Be particularly careful,” was Hall’s in-
junction, “and if anything happens to the
kite, note the angles at that instant.”

  As soon as we had fixed our stations
Hall began to pay out the string, and the
kite rose very swiftly. As it sped away
into the blue it was soon practically in-
visible to the naked eye, although the
telescope of the transit enabled me to fol-
low it with ease.
THE MOON METAL

65

  “Don’t lose sight of it now for an in-
stant!” he shouted.

  For at least half an hour he continued
to manipulate the string, sending the kite
now high toward the zenith with a sudden
pull, and then letting it drift off. It seemed
at last to become almost a fixed point. Very
slowly the angles changed, when suddenly
there was a flash, and to my amazement
I saw the paper of the kite shrivel and
disappear in a momentary flame, and then
the bare sticks came tumbling out of the
sky.

  “Did you get the angles?” yelled Hall
excitedly.

  “Yes; the telescope is yet pointed on
the spot where the kite disappeared.”
“Read them off,” he called, “and then
get your angle with the Syx works.”

  “All right,” I replied, doing as he had
requested, and noticing at the same time
that he was in the act of putting his watch
in his pocket. “Is there anything else?”
I asked.

  “No; that will do, thank you.”

  Hall came running over, his face beam-
ing, and with the air of a man who has
just hooked a particularly cunning old
trout.

  “Ah,” he exclaimed, “this has been a
great success! I could almost dispense
with the calculation, but it is best to be
sure.”

 “What are you about, anyhow?” I
asked, “and what was it that happened
to the kite?”

  “Don’t interrupt me just now, please,”
was the only reply I received.

  Thereupon my friend sat down on a
rock, pulled out a pad of paper, noted the
angles which T had read on the transit,
and fell to figuring with feverish haste. In
the course of his work he consulted a
pocket almanac, then glanced up at the
sky, muttered approvingly, and finally
leaped to his feet with a half-suppressed
“Hurrah!”

  “Will you kindly tell me,” I asked, “how
you managed to set the kite afire?”

  Hall laughed heartily. “You thought it
was a trick, did you?” said he. “Well, it
was no trick, but a very beautiful demon-

stration. You surely haven’t forgotten the
bird that gave you such a surprise the day
before yesterday?”

  “Do you mean,” I exclaimed, startled
at the suggestion, “that the fate of the
bird had any connection with the accident
to your kite?”

  “Accident isn’t precisely the right
word,” replied Hall. “The two things are
as intimately related as own brothers. If
you should care to hunt up the kite sticks,
you would find that they, too, are now
artemisium plated.”

“What do you propose to do next?”
“To shake the dust of the Grand Teton
from my shoes and go to San Francisco,
where I have an extensive laboratory.”
“So you are going to try a little al-
chemy yourself, are you?”

  “Perhaps; who knows? At any rate, my
good friend, I am forever indebted to you
for your assistance, and even more for
your discretion, and if I succeed you shall
be the first person in the world to hear
the news.”

CHAPTER XII

BETTER THAN ALCHEMY

FOR six months after Hall’s departure
for San Francisco I heard nothing
from him. In the meantime, things ran on
as usual in the world, only a ripple being
caused by renewed discoveries of small
nuggets of artemisium on the Tetons, a
fact which recalled to my mind the re-
mark of my friend when he dislodged a
flake of the metal from a crevice during
our ascent of the peak. At last one day I
received this telegram at my office in New
York:

            San Francisco, May 16, 1949.

Come at once. The mystery is solved.

                          (Signed) Hall.

  As soon as I could pack a grip I was
flying westward one hundred miles an
hour. On reaching San Francisco, I hast-
ened to Hall’s laboratory. He was there
expecting me, and, after a hearty greet-
ing, during which his elation over his suc-
cess was manifest, he said:
66

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  “I am compelled to ask you to make a
little journey. I found it impossible to se-
cure the necessary privacy here, and be-
fore opening my experiments, I selected
a site for a new laboratory in an unfre-
quented spot among the mountains this
side of Lake Tahoe. You will be the first
man, with the exception of my two de-
voted assistants, to see my apparatus, and
you shall share the sensation of the critical
experiment.”

  From the nearest railway station we
took horses to the laboratory, which oc-
cupied a secluded but most beautiful site
at an elevation of about six thousand feet
above sea-level. With considerable surprise
I noticed a building surmounted with a
dome, recalling what we had seen from
the Grand Teton on the roof of Dr. Syx’s
mill. Hall, observing my look, smiled sig-
nificantly, but said nothing. The labora-
tory proper occupied a smaller building
adjoining the domed structure. Hall led
the way into an apartment having but a
single door and illuminated by a skylight.

  Near one end of the room, which was
about thirty feet in length, was a table on
which lay a glass tube about two inches in
diameter and thirty inches long. In the
farther end of the tube gleamed a lump
of yellow metal, which I took to be gold.
Hall and I were seated near another table
about twenty-five feet distant from the
tube, and on this table was an apparatus
furnished with a concave mirror, whose
optical axis was directed toward the tube.
It occurred to me at once that this appa-
ratus would be suitable for experimenting
with electric waves. Wires ran from- it to
the floor, and in the cellar beneath was
audible the beating of an engine. My com-
panion made an adjustment or two, and
then remarked:

  “Now, keep your eyes on the lump of
gold in the farther end of the tube yonder.
The tube is exhausted of air, and I am
about to concentrate upon the gold an
intense electric influence, which will have
the effect of making it a kind of kathode
pole. I only use this term for the sake of
Illustration. You will recall that as long

ago as the days of Crookes it was known
that a kathode in an exhausted tube would
project particles, or atoms, of its substance
away in straight lines. Now watch!”

  I fixed my attention upon the gold, and
presently saw it enveloped in a most beau-
tiful violet light. This grew more intense,
until, at times, it was blinding, while, at
the same moment, the interior of the tube
seemed to have become charged with a
luminous vapor of a delicate pinkish hue.

  “Watch! Watch!” said Hall. “Look at
the nearer end of the tube!”

  “Why, it is becoming coated with gold!”
I exclaimed.

  He smiled, but made no reply. Still the
strange process continued. The pink vapor
became so dense that the lump of gold
was no longer visible, although the eye of
violet light glared piercingly through the
colored fog. Every second the deposit of
metal, shining like a mirror, increased, un-
til suddenly there came a curious whis-
tling sound. Hall, who had been adjusting
the mirror, jerked away his hand and gave
it a flip, as if hot water had spattered it,
and then the light in the tube quickly died
away, the vapor escaped, filling the room
with a peculiar stimulating odor, and I
perceived that the end of the glass tube
had been melted through, and the molten
gold was slowly dripping from it.

  “I carried it a little too far,” said Hall,
ruefully rubbing the back of his hand,
“and w'hen the glass gave way under
the atomic bombardment a few atoms of
gold visited my bones. But there is no
harm done. You observe that the instant
the air reached the kathode, as I for con-
venience call the electrified mass of gold,
the action ceased.”

  “But your anode, to continue your sim-
ile,” I said, “is constantly exposed to the
air.”

  “True,” he replied, “but in the first
place, of course, this is not really an anode,
just as the other is not actually a kathode.
As science advances we are compelled, for
a time, to use old terms in a new sense
until a fresh nomenclature can be invented.
But we are now dealing with a form of
THE MOON METAL

67

electric action more subtle in its effects
than any at present described in the text-
books and the transactions of learned so-
cieties. I have not yet even attempted to
work out the theory of it. I am only con-
cerned with its facts.”

  “But wonderful as the exhibition you
have given is, I do not see,” I said, “how
it concerns Dr. Syx and his artemisium.53

ISTEN,” replied Hall, settling back
in his chair after disconnecting his
apparatus. “You no doubt have been told
how one night the Syx engine was heard
working for a few minutes, the first and
only night work it was ever known to
have done, and how, hardly had it started
up, when a fire broke out in the mill, and
the engine was instantly stopped. Now
there is a very remarkable story connected
with that, and it will show you how I got
my first clue to the mystery, although it
was rather a mere suspicion than a clue,
for at first I could make nothing out of it.
The alleged fire occurred about a fort-
night after our discovery of the double
tunnel. My mind was then full of suspi-
cions concerning Syx, because I thought
that a man who would fool people with
one hand was not likely to deal fairly
with the other.

  “It was a glorious night, with a full
moon, whose face was so clear in the limpid
air that, having found a snug place at the
foot of a yellow-pine tree, where the
ground was carpeted with odoriferous
needles, I lay on my back and renewed
my early acquaintance with the roman-
tically named mountains and ‘seas’ of the
Lunar globe. With my binocular I could
trace those long white streaks which radi-
ate from the crater ring, called ‘Tycho/
and run hundreds of miles in all directions
over the moon. As I gazed at tfiese singu-
lar objects I recalled the various theories
which astronomers, puzzled bv their enig-
matical aspect, have offered to a more or
less confiding public concerning them.

  “In the midst of my meditation and
moon-gazing I was startled by hearing the
engine in the Syx works suddenly begin

to run. Immediately a queer light, shaped
like the beam of a ship’s searchlight, but
reddish in color, rose high in the moonlit
heavens above the mill. It did not last
more than a minute or two, for almost
instantly the engine was stopped, and with
its stoppage the light faded and disap-
peared. The next day Dr. Syx gave it out
that on starting up his engine in the
night something had caught fire, which
compelled him immediately to shut down
again. The few who had seen the light,
with the exception of your humble serv-
ant, accepted the doctor’s explanation
without a question. But I knew there had
been no fire, and Syx’s anxiety to spread
the lie led me to believe that he had nar-
rowly escaped giving away a vital secret.
I said nothing about my suspicions, but
upon inquiry I found out that an extra
and pressing order for metal had arrived
from the government the very day of the
pretended fire, and I drew the inference
that Syx, in his haste to fill the order—
his supply having been drawn low—had
started to work, contrary to his custom,
at night, and had immediately found rea-
son to repent his rashness. Of course, I
connected the strange light with this sud-
den change of mind.

  “My suspicion having been thus stim-
ulated, and having been directed in a cer-
tain way, I began from that moment to
notice closely the hours during which the
engine labored. At night it was always
quiet, except on that one brief occasion.
Sometimes it began early in the morning
and stopped about noon. At other times
the work was done entirely in the after-
noon, beginning sometimes as late as three
or four o’clock, and ceasing invariably at
sundown. Then again it would start at
sunrise and continue the whole day
through.

  “For a long time I was unable to ac-
count for these eccentricities, and the prob-
lem was not rendered much clearer, al-
though a startling suggestiveness was
added to it, when, at length, I noticed that
the periods of activity of the engine had
a definite relation to the age of the moon.
68

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

Then I discovered, with the aid of an
almanac, that I could predict the hours
when the engine would be busy.

  “At the time of new moon it worked
all day; at full moon it was idle; between
full moon and last quarter it labored in
the forenoon, the length of its working
hours increasing as the quarter was ap-
proached; between last quarter and new
moon the hours of work lengthened until,
as I have said, at new moon they lasted
all day; between new moon and first
quarter work began later and later in the
forenoon as the quarter was approached,
and between first quarter and full moon
the laboring hours rapidly shortened, be-
ing confined to the latter part of the after-
noon, until at full moon complete silence
reigned in the mill.”

ELL, well!” I broke in, astonished
by the singular recital, “you must
have thought Dr. Syx was a cross between
an alchemist and an astrologer.”

“Note this,” said Hall, disregarding my
interruption, “the hours when the engine
worked were invariably the hours during
which the moon was above the horizon!”
“What did you infer from that?”

  “Of course I inferred that the moon
was directly concerned in the mystery.
But how? That bothered me for a long
time, but a little light broke into my mind
when I picked up, on the mountainside,
a dead bird, whose scorched feathers were
bronzed with artemisium. Then came the
attack on the mine and its tragic finish. I
have already told you what I observed
on that occasion. But, instead of helping
to clear up the mystery, it rather compli-
cated it for a time. At length, however, I
reasoned my way partly out of the diffi-
culty. Certain things which I had noticed
in the Syx mill convinced me that tneie
was a part of the building whose exist-
ence no visitor suspected, and, putting one
thing with another, I inferred that the
roof must be open above that secret part
of the structure, and that if I could get
upon a sufficiently elevated place I could
see something of what was hidden there.

  “At this point in the investigation I pro-
posed to you the trip to the top of the
Teton, the result of which you remember.
I called your attention to a shining object
underneath the circular opening in the
roof. You could not make out what it was.
but I saw enough to convince me that it
was a gigantic parabolic mirror. I'll show
you a smaller one of the same kind pres-
ently.

  “Now at last I began to perceive the
real truth, but it was so wildly incredible,
so infinitely remote from all human ex-
perience, that 1 hardly ventured to formu-
late it, even in my own secret mind. But
I was bound to see the thing through to
the end. It occurred to me that I could
prove the accuracy of my theory with
the aid of a kite. You were kind enough
to lend your assistance in that experiment,
and it gave me irrefragable evidence of
the existence of a shaft of flying atoms
extending in a direct line between Dr.
Syx’s pretended mine and the moon!”
“Hall,” f exclaimed, “you are mad!”
My friend smiled good-naturedly, and
went on with his story.

  “The instant the kite shriveled and dis-
appeared I understood why the works were
idle when the moon was not above the
horizon, why birds flying across that fatal
beam fell dead upon the rocks, and whence
the terrible master of that mysterious mill
derived the power of destruction that
could wither an army as the Assyrian
host in Byron’s poem:

‘Melted like snow in the glance of the Lord.’ ”

  “But how did Dr. Syx turn the flying
atoms against his enemies?” I asked.

  “In a very simple manner. He had a
mirror mounted so that it could be turned
in any direction, and would shunt the
stream of metallic atoms, heated by their
friction with the air, toward any desired
point. When the attack came he raised
this machine above the level of the roof
and sw^ept the mob to a lustrous, if ex-
pensive death.”

  “And the light at night—”
THE MOON METAL

69

  “Was the shining of the heated atoms,
not luminous enough to be visible in broad
day, for which reason the engine never
worked at night, and the stream of volatil-
ized artemisium was never set flowing at
full moon, when the lunar globe is above
the horizon only during the hours of dark-
ness.”

  “I see,” I said, “whence came the nug-
gets on the mountain. Some of the atoms,
owing to the resistance of the air, fell
short and settled in the form of impalpable
dust until the winds and rains collected
and compacted them in the cracks and
crevices of the rocks.”

  “That was it, of course.”

  “And now,” I added, my amazement
at the success of Hall’s experiments and
the accuracy of his deductions increasing
every moment, “do you say that you have
also discovered the means employed by
Dr. Syx to obtain artemisium from the
moon?”

  “Not only that,” replied my friend,
“but within the next few minutes I shall
have the pleasure of presenting to you a
button of moon' metal fresh from the veins
of Artemis herself.”

CHAPTER XIII

THE LOOTING OF THE MOON

I SHALL spare the reader a recital of
the tireless efforts, continuing through
many almost sleepless weeks, whereby An-
drew Hall obtained his clue to Dr. Syx’s
method. It was manifest from the begin-
ning that the agent concerned must be
some form of etheric, or so-called electric
energy; but how to set it in operation was
the problem. Finally he hit upon the ap-
paratus for his initial experiments which
I have already described.

  “Recurring to what had been done a
century ago by Hertz, when he concen-
trated electric waves upon a focal point
by means of a concave mirror,” said Hall,
“I saw that the key I wanted lay in an
extension of these experiments. At last I
found that I could transform electrical
energy into ether waves, which, when they

had been concentrated upon a metallic
object, like a chunk of gold, imparted to
it an intense charge of an apparently elec-
tric nature. Upon thus charging a metallic
body enclosed in a vacuum, I observed
that the energy imparted to it possessed
the remarkable power of disrupting its
atoms and projecting them off in straight
lines, very much as occurs with a kathode
in a Crookes’ tube. But—and this was of
supreme importance—1 found that the
line of projection was directly toward the
apparatus from which the impulse pro-
ducing the charge had come. In other
words, I could produce two poles between
which a marvelous interaction occurred.
My transformer, with its concentrating
mirror, acted, as one pole, from which en-
ergy was transferred to the other pole,
and that other pole immediately flung off
atoms of its own substance in the direc-
tion of the transformer. But these atoms
were stopped by the glass wall of the
vacuum tube; and when I tried the ex-
periment with the metal removed from the
vacuum, and surrounded with air, it failed
utterly.

  “This at first completely discouraged ,
me, until I suddenly remembered that
the moon is in a vacuum, the great vacuum
of interplanetary space, and that it pos-
sesses no perceptible atmosphere of its
own. At this a great light broke around
me, and I shouted ‘Eureka!’ Without hesi-
tation I constructed a transformer of great
power, furnished with a large parabolic
mirror to transmit the waves in parallel
lines, erected the machinery and buildings
here, and when all was ready for the final
experiment I telegraphed for you.”

  Prepared by these explanations, I was
all on fire to see the thing tried. Hall was
no less eager, and, calling in his two
faithful assistants to make the final ad-
justments, he led the way into what he
facetiously named “the lunar chamber.”

  “If we fail,” he remarked with a smile
that had an element of worriment in it,
“it will become the ‘lunatic chamber’—
but no danger of that. You observe this
polished silver knob, supported by a
70

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

metallic rod curved over at the top like
a crane. That constitutes the pole from
which I propose to transmit the energy
to the moon, and upon which I expect the
storm of atoms to be centered by reflec-
tion from the mirror at whose focus it is
placed.”

  “One moment,” I said. “Am I to under-
stand that you think that the moon is a
solid mass of artemisium, and that no mat-
ter where your radiant force strikes it a
‘kathodic pole’ will be formed there from
which atoms will be projected to the
earth?”

  “No,” said Hall; “I must carefully
choose the point on the lunar surface
where to operate. But that will present
no difficulty. 1 made up my mind as soon
as I had penetrated Syx’s secret that he
obtained the metal from those mystic
white streaks which radiate from Tycho,
and which have puzzled the astronomers
ever since the invention of telescopes. I
now believe those streaks to be composed
of immense veins of the metal that Syx
has most appropriately named artemis-
ium, which you, of course, recognize as
being derived from the name of the Greek
goddess of the moon, Artemis, whom the
Romans called Diana. But now to work!”

IT WAS less than a day past the time
of new moon, and the earth’s satellite
was too near the sun to be visible in broad
daylight. Accordingly, the mirror had to
be directed by means of knowledge of the
moon’s place in the sky. Driven by ac-
curate clockwork, it could be depended
upon to retain the proper direction when
once set.

  With breathless interest I watched the
proceedings of my friend and his assist-
ants. When everything had been adjusted
to his satisfaction, Hall stepped back, not
without betraying his excitement in flushed
cheeks and flashing eyes, and pressed a
lever. The powerful engine underneath the
floor instantly responded. The experiment
was begun.

  “I have set it upon a point about a
hundred miles north of Tycho, where the

Yerkes photographs show a great abund-
ance of the white substance,” said Hall.

  Then we waited. A minute elapsed. A
bird, fluttering in the opening above for
a second or two, wrenched our strained
nerves. Hall’s face turned pale.

  “They had better keep away from here,”
he whispered with a ghastly smile.

  Two minutes! I could hear the beating
of my heart. The engine shook the floor.

  Three minutes! Hall’s face was wet
with perspiration. The bird blundered in
and startled us again.

  Four minutes! We were like statues,
with all eyes fixed on the polished ball of
silver, which shone in the brilliant light
concentrated upon it by the mirror.

  Five minutes! The shining ball had be-
come a confused blue, and I violently
winked to clear my vision.

  “At last! Thank Heaven! There it
is!”

  It was Hall who spoke, trembling like
an aspen. The silver knob had changed
color. What seemed a miniature rainbow
surrounded it, with concentric circles of
blinding brilliance.

  Then something dropped flashing into
an earthen dish set beneath the ball! An-
other glittering drop followed, and, at a
shorter interval, another!

  Almost before a word could be uttered
the drops had coalesced and became a tiny
stream, which, as it fell, twisted itself into
a bright spiral, gleaming writh a hundred
shifting hues, and forming on the bottom
of the dish a glowing, interlacing maze
of viscid rings and circlets, which turned
and twined about and over one another,
until they had blended and settled into
a button-shaped mass of hot metallic
jelly. Hall snatched the dish away and
placed another in its stead.

  “This will be about right for a watch
charm when it cools,” he said, with a re-
turn of his customary self-command. “I
promised you the first specimen. I’ll catch
another for myself.”

  “But can it be possible that we are not
dreaming?” I exclaimed. “Do you really
believe that this comes from the moon?”
THE MOON METAL

71

  “Just as surely as rain comes from the
clouds,” cried Hall, with all his old im-
patience. “Haven’t I just showed you the
whole process?”

  “Then I congratulate you. You will be
as rich as Dr. Syx.”

  “Perhaps,” was the unperturbed reply.

SIX weeks later the financial centers of
the earth were shaken by the news
that a new supply of artemisium was be-
ing marketed from a mill which had been
secretly opened in the Sierras of California.
For a time there was almost a panic. If
Hall had chosen to do so, he might have
precipitated serious trouble. But he im-
mediately entered into negotiations with
government representatives, and the inev-
itable result was that, to preserve the
monetary system of the world from up-
heaval, Dr. Syx had to consent that Hall’s
mill should share equally with his in the
production of artemisium. During the ne-
gotiations the doctor paid a visit to Hall’s
establishment. The meeting between them
was most dramatic. Syx tried to blast his
rival with a glance, but knowledge is
power, and my friend faced his mysterious
antagonist, whose deepest secrets he had
penetrated, with an unflinching eye. It
was remarked that Dr. Syx became a
changed man from that moment. His mas-
terful air seemed to have deserted him,
and it was with something resembling hu-
mility that he assented to the arrange-
ment which required him to share his
enormous gains with his conqueror.

  Of course Hall’s success led to an im-
mediate recrudescence of the efforts to ex-
tract artemisium from the Syx ore, and
equally of course, every such attempt
failed. Hall, while keeping his own secret,
did all he could to discourage the experi-
ments, but they naturally believed that
he must have made the very discovery
which was the subject of their dreams, and
he could not, without betraying himself
and upsetting the finances of the planet,
directly undeceive them. The consequence
was that fortunes were wasted in hope-
less experimentation, and, with Hall’s

achievement dazzling their eyes, the de-
luded fortune-seekers kept on in the face
of endless disappointments and disaster.

AND presently there came another
tragedy. The Syx mill was blown up!
The accident—although many people re-
fused to regard it as an accident, and
asserted that the doctor himself in his
chagrin had applied the match—the ex-
plosion, then, occurred about sundown, and
its effects were awful. The great works,
with everything pertaining to them, and
every rail that they contained, were blown
to atoms. They disappeared as if they
had never existed. Even the twin tunnels
were involved in the ruin, a vast cavity
being left in the mountainside where Syx’s
ten acres had been. The force of the ex-
plosion was so great that the shattered
rock was reduced to dust. To this fact
was attributed the escape of the troops.
While the mountain was shaken to its
core, and enormous parapets of living
rock were hurled down the precipices of
the Teton, no missiles of appreciable size
traversed the air, and not a man at the
camp was injured. But Jackson’s Hole,
filled with red dust, looked for days after-
ward like the mouth of a tremendous vol-
cano just after an eruption. Dr. Syx had
been seen entering the mill a few minutes
before the catastrophe by a sentinel who
was stationed about a quarter of a mile
away, and who, although he was felled
like an ox by the shock, and had his eyes,
ears, and nostrils filled with flying dust,
miraculously escaped with his life.

  After this a new arrangement was made
whereby Andrew Hall became the sole
producer of artemisium, and his wealth
began to mount toward the starry heights
of the billions.

  About a year after the explosion of the
Syx mill a strange rumor got about. It
came first from Budapest, in Hungary,
where it was averred several persons of
credibility had seen Dr. Max Syx. Mil-
lions had been familiar with his face and
his personal peculiarites, through actually
meeting him, as well as through photo-
72

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

graphs and descriptions, and, unless there
was an intention to deceive, it did not
seem possible that a mistake could be
made in identification. There surely never
was another man who looked just like
Dr. Syx. And yet, was it not demonstrable
that he must have perished in the awful
destruction of his mill?

  Soon after came a report that Dr. Syx
had been seen again, this time at Ekater-
inburg, in the Urals. Next he was said to
have paid a visit to Batang, in the moun-
tainous district of southwestern China;
and finally, according to rumor, he was
seen in Sicily, at Nicolosi, among the vol-
canic pimples on the southern slope of
Mount Etna.

  Next followed something of more cur-
ious and even startling interest. A chem-
ist at Budapest, where the first rumors
of Syx’s reappearance had placed the mys-
terious doctor, announced that he could
produce artemisium, and proved it, al-
though he kept his process secret. Hardly
had the sensation caused by this news
partially subsided when a similar report
arrived from Ekaterinburg; then another
from Batang; after that a fourth from
Nicolosi!

  Nobody could fail to notice the co-
incidence; wherever the doctor—or was
it his ghost?—appeared, there shortly
afterward somebody discovered the much-
sought secret.

  After this Syx’s apparitions rapidly in-
creased in frequency, followed in each
instance by the announcement of an-
other productive artemisium mill. He ap-
peared in Germany, Italy, France, Eng-
land, and finally at many places in the
United States.

  “It is the old doctor’s revenge,” said
Hall to me one day, trying to smile, al-
though the matter was too serious to be
taken humorously. “Yes, it is his re-
venge, and I must admit that it is com-
plete. The price of artemisium has fallen
one-half within six months. All the efforts
we have made to hold back the flood have
proved useless. The secret itself is be-
coming public property. We shall inev-

itably be overwhelmed with artemisium.
just as we were with gold, and the last
condition of the financial world will be
worse than the first.”

  My friend’s gloomy prognostications
came near being fulfilled to the letter. Ten
thousand artemisium mills shot their
etheric rays upon the moon, and our un-
fortunate satellite’s metal ribs were strip-
ped by atomic force. Some of the great
white rays that had been one of the tele-
scopic wonders of the lunar landscapes dis-
appeared, and the face of the moon, which
had remained unchanged before the eyes
of the children of Adam from the begin-
ning of their race, now looked as if the
blast of a furnace had sw^ept it. At night,
on the moonw'ard side, the earth was stud-
ded with brilliant spikes all pointing at
the heart of its child in the sky.

  But the looting of the moon brought
disaster to the robber planet. So mad were
the efforts to get the precious metal that
the surface of our globe was fairly show-
ered with it, productive fields were, in
some cases, almost smothered under a
metallic coating, the air was filled with
shining dust, until finally famine and
pestilence joined hands with financial dis-
aster to punish the grasping world.

  Then at last the various governments
took effective measures to protect them-
selves and their people. Another combined
effort resulted in an international agree-
ment whereby the production of the pre-
cious moon metal was once more rigidly
controlled.

CHAPTER XIV

THE LAST OF DR. SYX

MANY years after the events last re-
corded, I sat, at the close of a bril-
liant autumn day, side by side with my
old friend Andrew Hall on a broad, vine-
shaded piazza which faced the east, where
the full moon was just rising above the
rim of the Sierra, and replacing the rosy
counter-glow of sunset with its silvery
radiance. The sight was calculated to
carry the minds of both back to the
THE MOON METAL

73

events of former years. But I noticed that
Hall quickly changed the position of his
chair, and sat down again with his back
to the rising moon. He had managed to
save some millions from the wreck of his
vast fortune when artemisium started to
go to the dogs, and I was now paying
him one of my annual visits at his pala-
tial home in California.

  “Did I ever tell you of my last trip to
the Teton?” he asked, as I continued to
gaze contemplatively at the broad lunar
disk which slowly detached itself from
the horizon and began to swim in the
clear evening sky.

“No,” I replied; “but I’d like to hear.”
“Or of my last sight of Dr. Syx?”
“Indeed! I did not suppose that you
ever saw him after that conference in
your mill when he had to surrender half
of the world to you.”

  “Once only I saw him again,” said Hall,
with a peculiar intonation.

  “It was about seven years ago. I had
long felt an unconquerable desire to have
another look at the Teton and the scenes
amid which so many strange events in my
life had occurred. Finally I decided to go
alone. I can tell you it was a gloomy place,
barren and deserted. The railroad had
long ago been abandoned, and the site of
the military camp could scarcely be recog-
nized. An immense cavity showed where
Dr. Syx’s mill used to send up its plume
of black smoke.

  “As I stared at the gaunt form of the
Teton, whose beetling precipices had been
smashed and split by the great explosion,
I was seized with a resistless impulse to
climb it. I thought I should like to peer
off again from that pinnacle which had
once formed so fateful a watch-tower for
me.

  “But it took me a long time, and I did
not reach the rift in the summit until just
before sundown. Knowing that it would be
impossible for me to descend at night, I
bethought me of the inclosure of rocks,
supposed to have been made by Indians,
on the western pinnacle, and decided that
I could pass the night there.

   “The perpendicular buttress forming the
 easternmost and highest point of the
 Teton’s head would have baffled me but
 for the fact that I found a long crack,
 probably an effect of the tremendous ex-
 plosion, extending from bottom to top of
 the rock. Driving my toes and fingers
 into this rift, I managed, with a good deal
 of trouble and no little peril, to reach the
 top. As I lifted myself over the edge and
 - rose to my feet, imagine my amazement
 at seeing Dr. Syx standing within arm’s-
 length of me!

   “My breath seemed pent in my lungs,
 and I could not even utter the exclama-
 tion that rose to my lips. It was like meet-
 ing a ghost. Notwithstanding the many
 reports of his having been seen in var-
 ious parts of the world, it had always
 been my conviction that he had perished
 in the explosion.

   “Yet there he stood in the twilight, for
 the sun was hidden by the time I reached
 the summit, his tall form erect, and his
 black eyes gleaming under the heavy brows
 as he fixed them sternly upon my face.
 You know I never was given to losing my
 nerve, but I am afraid I lost it on that
 occasion. Again and again I strove to
 speak, but it was impossible to move my
 tongue. So powerless seemed my lungs
 that I wondered how I could continue
 breathing.

 “f|iHE doctor remained silent, but his
 J-curious smile, which, as you know,
 was a thing of terror to most people, over-
 spread his black-rimmed face and was
 broad enough to reveal the gleam of his
 teeth. I felt that he was looking me
 through and through. The sensation was as
 if he had transfixed me with an ice-cold
 blade. There was a gleam of devilish
 pleasure in his eyes, as though my evident
 suffering was a delight to him and a grati-
 fication of his vengeance. At length I suc-
 ceeded in overcoming the feeling which
 oppressed me, and, making a step for-
 ward, I shouted in a strained voice:
 “‘You black Satan!’

   “I cannot clearly explain the psycho-
74

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

 logical process which led me to utter
 those words. I had never entertained any
 enmity toward Dr. Syx, although I had
 always regarded him as a heartless per-
 son, who had purposely led thousands to
 their ruin for his selfish gain. But I knew
 that he could not help hating me, and I
 felt now that, in some inexplicable man-
 ner, a struggle, not physical but spiritual,
 was taking place between us, and my ex-
 clamation, uttered with surprising intens-
 ity, produced upon me, and apparently
 upon him, the effect of a desperate sword
 thrust which attains its mark.

  “Immediately the doctor’s form seemed
to recede, as if he had passed the verge
of the precipice behind him. At the same
time it became dim, and then dimmer, un-
til only the dark outlines, and particularly
the jet-black eyes, glaring fiercely, re-
mained visible. And still he receded, as
though floating in the air, which was
now silvered with the evening light, until

he appeared to cross the immense at-
mospheric gulf over Jackson’s Hole and
paused on the rim of the horizon iff the

east.

  “Then, suddenly, I became aware that
the full moon had risen at the very place
on the distant mountain-brow where the
specter rested, and as I continued to gaze,
as if entranced, the face and figure of the
doctor seemed slowly to frame themselves
within the lunar disk, until at last he
appeared to have quitted the air and the
earth and to be frowning at me from the
circle of the moon.”

  While Hall was pronouncing his closing
words I had begun to stare at the moon
with swiftly increasing interest, until, as
his voice stopped, I exclaimed:

  “Why, there he is now! Funny I never
noticed it before. There’s Dr. Syx’s face
in the moon now, as plain as day.”
“Yes,” replied Hall without turning
round, “and I never like to look at it.”

mm

mrmrm

12*25*

  REGULAR PACK

'for;

STAR

STAR

    World's
tMG£Sr*ettfM6
siNGieeoce aim

FOR GEM AND
EVER READY RAZORS
The Man With the

Glass Heart

By GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND

        Author of “Darkness and Dawn," “The Flying Legion," etc.

The one man who could mend that heart, wouldn’t believe in it

WE HAD just lost our routine
bridge game in the smoking room
of the Ferrania—my traveling
companion, Maynard, and I—and had set
up the nightly beers for Harrison and Dr.
Carmichael, our victors. Tobacco there-
after appeared.

  The bright electric lighting, the leather
divans and nicotin-scented warmth, con-
trasting cheerfully with the January blus-
ter of mid-Atlantic, inclined our hearts to
narration. All four of us settled down for
a good “gam.” Men never talk so well, I
think, as when the gale is picking at the
harp of the rig, the woodwork straining,
and the surges slewing thunderously ’long-
side in the dark.

  Thus we spoke of many subjects, and
the talk veered at last to the power of
mind over matter. Dr. Carmichael was
most interesting, and as I recall it, his
tale ran somewhat like this:

HARDLY had the intruder opened the
door and quietly stepped into the
laboratory when Ackroyd glanced round
with surprised vexation. For the master
mind of electrical science hated interrup-
tion above all things. He failed to under-
stand how this tall, stern-featured man,
so ominously intense, had managed to slip
past the laboratory guard.

  So, standing up quickly beside the lit-
tered experiment bench that ran along the
whole north wall of the room, the wizard
crossed his shirt-sleeved arms, clamped his
teeth still tighter on the old cob which
was his constant solace, and from beneath
frowning brows peered with hostility at
the newcomer.

  For a moment neither spoke. By the
light which glowed greenly from the
vacuum-tubes about the ceiling of this
windowless den, each studied the other.
Then the stranger closed the door and
came forward.

  “Please excuse this rudeness,” said he
in a deep, courteous voice, which, never-
theless, trembled a bit. “I know how very
unwelcome I must be. Still, I am here. I
had to come!”

  “How the deuce did you get in?”
snapped the scientist.

  “Oh, just a little strategy. Nothing
simpler. But let’s waste no time on that.
I’ve something far more vital to discuss.
And every moment’s precious. Now I—
I—”

  He stammered with sudden emotion.
Ackroyd perceived that he was holding
unto himself only by a strong effort. Re-
moving the pipe from between his teeth,
the scientist stared in wonder, trying to
determine what sort of fellow this might
be. A professional man, to be sure. Maybe
a writer. Ah! Perhaps he wanted an in-
terview.

  “Sorry,” blurted Ackroyd; “but if you
want to write me up, or anything of that
sort, I can’t see you. Nothing to say. Posi-
tively nothing.” And he moved to sit down
at his work-bench.

  The stranger raised an imploring hand.
Ackroyd noted how long and fine the
fingers were—white, supple, and adorned
by a single plain gold ring.

  “Pardon me again,” said the intruder.
“You mistake my errand. Tt isn’t an in-
terview I want. Why, I never wrote a
line for publication in my life. I want just

A. Munsey Co.

 Copyrighted, 1911. by The Frank

75
76

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

a few minutes of your time, at your own
price. My errand concerns something far
more vital than mere curiosity. It’s life
or death to me. For Heaven’s sake, will
you hear me?”

  Ackroyd, startled, yet intensely an-
noyed, thrust out his lower lip and began
pulling at it—a way he had when partic-
ularly irritated. Time, for him, had no
price that could be counted in money.

  Just now he was three-quarters through
an abstruse calculation. This interruption
of his mental process was an outrage,
from his point of view—more, a crime.
Any appeal to his emotions must be fruit-
less, for emotions he had none. The cry
of sentiment curdled his soul. He hated it.
So with raised palm he motioned dismis-
sal.

  “Can’t see you,” he decided. “Good
day.”

  The stranger, paling, clenched both fists.
  “You must!” cried he.

  “So?” sneered the wizard. “That’s a
new word to me.”

  He reached quickly for a push-button
close beside his chair.

  But the stranger, with a sudden gesture,
tore open coat and waistcoat, ripped his
shirt apart, and on his naked breast ex-
posed a singular object.

  Ackroyd, his eyes narrowing slightly,
stood still. His finger did not press the
little ivory knob.

  Thus, for a second, the two men con-
fronted each other.

  “Well,” cried the scientist at length,
“what is it?”

  “Listen. If you send me away without
hearing me,” replied the intruder in eager
haste, “you’ll miss the greatest—”

  “Oh, so you’re another crank, eh?”
sneered Ackroyd, with a cynical grimace.
“ ‘Greatest scientific marvel of the age,’
and all that sort of stuff, eh? That’s what
they all say—such of ’em as I can’t dodge!
Why, we turn away, on the average, five
or six greatest marvels a day. So I tell
you, to begin with—”

  “I’ve got a glass heart!” cried the
stranger. “Will you listen to me now?”

FOR a moment, Ackroyd stood dumb.
Then: “A—what?" he exclaimed.
As he spoke, the idea “Madman” crossed
his brain. But even so, in spite of himself,
he was startled. “You mean to say—”

  “I do. I repeat it. My heart’s made of
glass. An artificial heart, mechanical, auto-
matic. Made by Kohler, of Vienna. Put in
by Klugermann, of Bonn. And operated
by this.” He tapped the boxlike affair
strapped to his chest. “Do you want
proofs? I’ve got them. Only listen, I tell
you. You can at least do that. As a man
of science, you’re willing at least to hear
what other men have done, aren’t you?”
Ackroyd replied nothing, but stood
studying this singular individual. He noted
the high, somewhat wrinkled forehead,
the stiff black hair already retreating be-
fore the attack of baldness, the aquiline
nose, and sharp, intelligent eyes. Then,
with a smile, he jibed:

  “Not dangerous or violent, are you?
Merely harmless, I take it. Because, you
see, that’s important. I may as well tell
you, right now, that I’ve got a gun in the
table drawer, and I can hit a dime, nine
shots out of ten, at a hundred feet. Also,
there are—well, other devices in this labor-
atory which might embarrass you in case
you tried to start anything. So go slow.”
With an expression of intense chagrin
the stranger drew from his pocket a neatly
folded journal.

  “You read German, of course?” asked
he, ignoring the insult.

  Ackroyd nodded.

  “Very well. Look at this.”

  The scientist, bitterly scornful, accepted
the paper. He glanced over a page or two.
A one-column article was blue-penciled.
As he read the headlines his face became
a study.

NEW TRIUMPH OF MODERN SURGERY
Radical Cure of Valvular Degeneration
by Klugermann’s New Method
LARGER ASPECTS OF THE
RUSSELL CASE

  For almost the first time in his career
wholly at a loss, Ackroyd dropped the
THE MAN WITH THE GLASS HEART

77

medical journal on his table, sat down
heavily, and leaning forward with a hard,
stern look at this astonishing visitor, de-
manded :

  “Well? For Heaven’s sake, man, what
is it all about? What do you want of me?”
“I’m Russell, to begin with,” answered
the other. “Francis H. Russell, of Toledo.
And, as I said at first, I want just a few
minutes of your time.”

  “All right! All right! Go ahead!” the
scientist exclaimed, his voice betraying
more emotion than in years. “Let’s have
it!”

  “At your own price?”

“Price? What do I want of money?”
“It’s useful, at times. Allow me.” And
Russell, taking from an inner pocket of
his disordered clothing a morocco wallet,
extracted therefrom a flat stack of bills.

 He laid the money on the table.
Ackroyd, glancing involuntarily at it, saw
that it must total several thousand dol-
lars. He started to sweep it into the waste-
basket, but with a sudden change of mind
dropped it into the drawer.

 “New laboratories,” he remarked.
“Well?”

  The client drew up a plain wooden chair
and sat down. Ackroyd noted that he
seemed in pain, rather short of breath,
and rather pale. But to this he gave no
heed. His whole thought now was of the
incomprehensible problem before him.

  What to think, he knew not. Whether
to believe or doubt, he cduld not tell. He
waited. His eyes fixed themselves upon
that curious flat box wrhich partly showed
through the man's torn clothing. Russell
noted the look.

  “This,” said he more calmly, “is what
I came to consult you about—this ap-
paratus here.” He tapped the box. “I’ve
got to consult you about it. Knowing the
futility of trying to make any appoint-
ment by letter, I did the next best thing
—waited my chance and forced myself
on you. Forgive me! A man will do any-
thing almost, even the most distasteful
things, to save his life.”

 “You mean—”

  “I’m in great danger. Deadly peril. And
only you can save me.”

 “How so?”

  “I’ll tell you presently. Just a few
words first. Who I am doesn’t matter. An
American, rich, with children and big
business interests. Only fifty-two. Much
to live for. Years and years of usefulness
still ahead of me, if you help me.”

 “Yes, yes! Go on!” And Ackroyd,
whom not even the keenest interest could
long divorce from his tobacco, reached
once more for the old pipe.

  “Four years ago this spring I devel-
oped heart-disease. Had the best special-
ists—oh, a dozen of them. No results.
The dishonest ones exploited me. The
others told me the truth—no hope. The
most optimistic gave me perhaps three
years or so to live.

  “Well, I took my death sentence, and
tried to bear it as best I could. And for
a while things went on, getting worse and
worse all the time. No matter about de-
tails. I was slowly dying; that’s enough
to know.”

  W’ilhout comment, the scientist lis-
tened. His pipe was going now. Already
the air about his head was beginning to
grow blue.

  “What was it, Providence or mere co-
incidence, that put Crawford’s ‘Witch of
Prague’ into my hands about eighteen
months ago? I can’t say. At any rate, I
read the book. Remember Key or k Ara-
ban’s experiments? One was the keynote
of my inspiration. When I read that—”
“Go on, tell me about it!”

  “He describes, you recall, substituting
a glass heart for the real one in a rabbit.
The words branded themselves instantly
into my brain. They’re all there, still. 7
made * says he, ‘an artificial heart which
worked on a narcotized rabbit, and the
rabbit died instantly when I stopped the
machine. ... If one applied it to a man,
he might live on indefinitely, grow fat, and
flourish so long as the glass heart worked.
Where would his soul be then? In the glass
heart, which would have become the seat
of life?’ ”
78

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  Russell paused, unduly excited. For a
moment Ackroyd peered at him. Then said
he:

  “So you went to work on that idea, did
you, and at great expense of travel, pain,
and money had this thing actually done to
you? Is that, omitting all minor points,
what you’re coming at?”

  “Exactly. How splendidly you grasp
conclusions! ”

  “I have to, in this business, or quit.
Well, then, what do you ask me to be-
lieve? That you’ve actually got a mechani-
cal heart inside there, in place of the old
one? And that that’s all you keep alive
on?”

  Russell smiled—an odd, bitter smile.
“I’m not asking you to believe any-
thing,” he returned. “I’m merely asking
you to examine the evidence and judge it,
as you would in any other problem. After
that, when you’re quite convinced, I want
your help.”

  “How so? What’s wrong?”

  “The mechanism! Nobody on this side
of the Atlantic can set it right except you.
There’s no time for a journey back to
Vienna. You’re the only man that can save
me. If you refuse—”

  “You die?”

  “Like Keyork Araban’s rabbit,” as-
sented Russell with quivering lips.

ACKROYD sat frowning for a mo-
ment. Keen thinker and clever an-
alyst though he was, this case for a little
while seemed to baffle him. How explain

it? If the man were only a deluded crank,
how account for the article in the German

magazine?

  The story he told, after all, was not
impossible. Though no surgeon, Ackroyd
knew something of the marvels of modern
medical science—the ingrafting of organs
and of bones upon the living body, the
stitching up of the wounded yet still
pulsing heart, the seeming restoration of
life by various processes.

  Might it not be true? And if so, how
strangely curious a thing to know about!
A flash of keen interest passed through
his mind. He must have proofs—then he
would undertake whatever work this
stranger wanted done. But, first of all,
proof positive that the thing was as the
man declared.

  As though reading his thoughts, Russell
tapped the flat, boxlike thing upon his
breast.

  “Here,” said he more calmly, “is the
apparatus I want you to examine and re-
pair. Put your ear over this way—so—
now hear it? Something wrong, you per-
ceive? And you’re the only man in America
I dare even show it to!”

  Ackroyd, all attention, listened hard.
From within the box, which was shallow
and curved to fit the contour of the man’s
chest, came a slow, rhythmic sound, dull
and almost inaudible, but broken now and
then by a slight hitch, as though some
delicate cog or gear had stuck, then gone
free again. The ^jzard frowned.

  “If what you’re telling me is true,”
THE MAN WITH THE GLASS HEART

79

judged he, “you’d better go to a watch-
maker. I’m not the man you want to con-
sult at all!”

  “Pardon me,” returned the other, “but
it isn’t a matter of mere clockwork. Here,
let me explain.”

  Taking up a pencil from the work-
bench, he hastily, and with considerable
skill, drew out a sketch of the apparatus.
A strap round the body and two over the
shoulders seemed to hold it in place.
Within the space which represented the
box itself he quickly limned two induction
coils, a “U” magnet, and a variety of deli-
cate levers and springs which served to
make and break a circuit from six flat
storage-batteries inside his coat.

  These batteries he showed to Ackroyd.
“Now you readily understand,” he
elucidated, “my heart can’t be operated
by direct transmission of power from out-
side. Magnetism is the only force that can
do it, through the body itself.

  “The valves of this artificial organ are
fitted with disks of steel, capable of being
attracted and released by the coils here
at ‘X’ and ‘Y.’ My batteries, according
to directions, I have renewed at regular
intervals of one week—two batteries each
time, thus always insuring a steady, uni-
form current.

  “But in spite of all this, for ten days
past something’s been wrong. The mech-
anism's been out of order. It skipped a
few times. Once I thought it was going
to stop altogether. You can imagine my
state of mind!”

  “Well?” interrogated the scientist,
reaching for another match. “So, then, you
made up your mind to consult me?”

  “Just that. And made a record run of
it, too, from Toledo! Fancy your own life
utterly dependent on—”

  “Yes, yes. I know. But what am 1 to
do? Open that box, study out the ap-
paratus, see what’s wrong, and make it
right! Is that your program?”

  “To a ‘TM” replied the client, now
visibly excited.

  A little color had crept into his face;
his hands were working nervously.

  “Precisely. And the quicker, the better.”
He glanced toward the door. “Suppose we
should be interrupted! I might lose my—”

“/^OME, now, calm yourself!” Ackroyd
exclaimed. “All I ask is to be quite
convinced of the reality of this thing. Then
I’ll go ahead to the best of my ability.”

  Turning toward the work-bench, he
opened the drawer and began pawing over
the disorder to find a small screw-driver
such as he would need in opening the long,
flat box.

  “Convinced?” queried Russell in a
strange tone. “How?”

  “Well, just show me the scar of the
operation, for one thing.. Then let me listen
to your cardiac sounds. If they turn out
to be. as you claim, purely mechanical,
I’ll accept that evidence and go ahead.
Isn’t that fair?” And, still looking for the
screw-driver, he bent over the open drawer.

  “Isn't that reasonable?” repeated Ack-
royd. But his question was never an-
swered. For voices sounded, all at once,
outside the laboratory. Then footsteps
crunched the gravel.

  Russell stood up suddenly, clutching at
the box upon his breast. Ackroyd, sens-
ing rather than getting vision of the man’s
quick rage and terror, whirled round just
in time to see him whip an automatic
revolver from his pocket.

  Outside, a trilling whistle sounded. Steps
clumped on the broad wooden piazza.

  Russell, livid and trembling with sud-
den passion, thrust his head forward. With
bowed shoulders and disordered dress, re-
volver balanced in his hand, he crept with
stealthy tread toward the door. The
grotesque quality of his figure contrasted
horribly with its bestial, tigerish, murder-
ous alertness.

  Horrified, Ackroyd stood inert. The very
suddenness of the transformation numbed
him for a second. At the table he re-
mained, staring with wide eyes, his jaw
gaping, not yet able to understand, but
foreseeing violence.

  Came a decisive voice: “I guess he’s in
there, all right enough.”
80

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  Another answered: “We’ll have him in
a minute, now. But be careful. Here, Bray,
you keep back. Now, all right?”

  But before the door swung open, Rus-
sell whirled on Ackroyd as the wizard
sprang.

  “You hound!” he shrieked, jerking the
revolver to position. “You did this! You
warned those fiends! You’re in this in-
fernal conspiracy, too, to break my glass
heart and destroy my soul! But I won’t
die alone!” The man’s face was black with
rage, and foam had gathered at the cor-
ners of his mouth.

  “Die!” he yelled. But as the revolver
barked, Ackroyd ducked and. swinging his
chair aloft, hurled it full at Russell.

  It struck him squarely on the breast
and shoulder. His revolver spat again as
he fell; the bullet shattered the vacuum-
tube overhead. Glass jangled. The light
faded. Darkness fell. Ackroyd flung him-
self upon the man.

  In burst the door, and by the glare of
day through the opening the rescuers saw
Ackroyd slowly getting up, with a dazed,
half frightened air. Puzzled for a moment,
they held back.

  “What’s—what’s up?” cried a voice.
Ackroyd heard the snick of a revolver
hammer.

 “Wait!” he panted. He found and
pressed a button. Instantly a flood of yel-
low light inundated the laboratory from
the reserve incandescents.

  By this light they saw Russell lying,
distorted, motionless upon the floor. His
eyes were open and staring—the hideous
eyes of a man who has died in the grip
of stark, mad terror.

  “He—did he tell you—” began one of
the men. They wore blue uniforms and
caps. “Tell you he had a glass heart?
Want you to repair it for him?”

  Ackroyd did not answer. He merely
snatched up the big sheet he used to cover
his models with and spread it over the
corpse.

 “Come, get busy!” he commanded.
“Take him out. This is no morgue. I’m
busy. Too busy for any questions until

the inquest. Then you’ll find me on hand,
to make an accounting for everything he
said and did and gave me. Now, out you
all go!”

  Thus he dismissed them. Ten minutes
later, with the old cob once more cheer-
fully erupting, he got back to his inter-
rupted calculation, unmindful of the
baffled reporters who had already begun
to pry about outside.

IN THE smoke-room our little group
sat silent for a moment as Dr. Car-
michael finished. Then Harrison spoke.

  “Just an escaped lunatic? W7ith reli-
gious mania, too?”

  “Hardly that. If so, extremely high
grade. A man of his education, able to
write and print a German paper like that
just to substantiate his own hallucination
can hardly be classed as a mere lunatic.
Rather call it a case of acute monomania.
Perfectly sane in every other respect. Per-
fectly hopeless in that respect. So firmly
convinced of it, in fact, that the shock of
the chair against his apparatus dropped
him stone-dead. Mind over matter? Well,
rather!”

  Another pause.

  Then, in a satirical tone, up spoke May-
nard, my traveling companion and cabin-
mate.

  “Well,” judged he, “it was no more
than he deserved for being a plain, in-
fernal fool. Why, if he’d known anything
about the subject of glass hearts, or arti-
ficial hearts of any kind, for that matter,
he’d have been aware that there’s only one
bona-fide case on record of such a thing
actually working. So he stood, a self-con-
victed faker!”

  “One—one case?” hesitated the be-
wildered doctor.

  “Only one. But it’s got nothing to do
with all that rot about the soul residing
in it and so on. Furthermore, it’s not all
glass, but partly glass and partly alumi-
num. And it’s operated, not by simple
magnetism, but—”

  “How do you know such a lot of things
that aren’t so?” snapped the doctor.
THE MAN WITH THE GLASS HEART

81

Maynard's face grew hard and his eyes
narrowed.

“Why oughtn’t a man to know about
his own heart?” he replied at length.

 A dense stillness enveloped our group.
 Then the doctor coughed nervously, got
 up, and with a banal w’ord of excuse with-
 drew down the stairway to the bar below.
 Harrison also departed. The gale whipped
 into the room as he shoved out to the
 heaving deck. Behind him the door banged.

 I found myself alone with Maynard.

“The fools!” he laughed. Then he sud-
denly grew serious, with a strange eager
look upon his face.

He drew out pencil and note-book.

Coming Next Month:

  “See here!” he whispered, as his nerv-
ous fingers began with rapid strokes to
form a diagram. 'My heart is like this—
see? I’ve never explained it yet to a living
soul, but—this conversation tonight has
decided me. If I should die, the mystery
would be lost. I make you my confidant.
But remember, if you so much as lisp a
syllable of this while T still live, I’ll shoot
you like a dog.”

  Then he laughed again, a high-pitched,
cackling laugh in which lay no merriment.
And while with sudden dread 1 watched,
h3 began expounding to me, his chosen
victim, the secret of the only successful
artificial heart now operating in the world.

THE RADIO MAN

RALPH MILNE FARLEY'S
famous masterpiece

BREATH SWEETENER...DELIGHTFUL CONFECTION
“His eyes grew Immense and terrible,
flaming with the most unholy light of ages,
consuming, devouring, unearthly”

Almost Immortal

By AUSTIN HALL

Author of “The Man Who Saved the Earth,” etc.; Co-author of "The Blind Spot”

The snatcher of souls had chosen his
victim. How could he be outwitted?

CHAPTER I

ROBINSON'S DECISION

HERE were three of us: Robinson,
Hendricks, and myself.

Robinson had had a varied career,
soldier, policeman, lawyer, and several
other professions which he never divulged,
but which kept continually cropping out
in his conversation.

I have an idea he had been a sailor and

had sailed over all the seven seas. There
was no country which he had not visited,
no people nor race nor tribe of which he
knew not the characteristics, nor any insti-
tution with whose history and develop-
ment he had not an intimate knowledge.

  Indeed, it was on the historical side that
he was the most remarkable. I have never
seen such a man. The scope of his in-
tellect seemed to embrace everything.
From the Chaldeans down, all was to him
an open book. He appeared to know as
much about Nebuchadnezzar as about me.

  All the great lights of history were to
him as men living and present; he would

Copyrighted, 1936, by The Prank A. Munsey Co.

82
ALMOST IMMORTAL

83

tell of their foibles and greatness, their
manners and personal appearance with as
much vividness and distinctness as if they
and not I were seated by his side for por-
trayal. Then he would lapse off into gib-
bering of a kind which I could not and
would not understand, into tongues obso-
lete and forgotten, which he chose to call
Chaldaic, Sanscrit, and what not.

  Again he would drift off into anecdote
and speak of an incident wherein Caesar
and Pompey, and another character I
knew not of, were the principals. He knew
anecdotes by the million; there seemed to
be no limit to the supply with which he
amused me from day to day; nor do I ever
remember his relating the same one twice.

  Big and little, large and small, people
and kings, he appeared to have them all at
his fingers' ends. I wondered sometimes
that he did not write history, he who knew
more than all the historians put together.
Once I asked him, but he only shrugged
his shoulders.

  “I have no time,” he laughed. “I am a
loafer. Besides, I know too much. Were I
to tell the truth I would be called a liar.”

  The other man, Hendricks, was a friend
of Robinson’s, an attorney who had come
up to the mountains to recuperate. It
seems that he and Robinson had just been
through some terrible ordeal, which had
played havoc with them, both mentally
and physically.

  He had not the wonderfully retentive
memory of his friend, nor his marvelous
command of language, though he did ap-
pear to have a fair smattering of the law,
and a very fair education. Most of the
time he spent as I did, in loitering about
and in listening to the everlasting elo-
quence of Robinson.

  As for myself, I was purely passive.

  It was our custom to come out on the
veranda at night and to discuss books un-
der the fragrance of a good cigar.

  I had on this day been reading a novel
of the very cheap and sensational order,
one that bad to do with a plot of the
purely imaginative type, wherein the char-
acters were taken out of the life of or-

dinary reality and transplanted into the
realm of the grotesque and the terrible.

  I held that all works of true literary
merit should contain, as a basic feature,
the elements of real life, and that in their
ramifications they should hold by all means
to life as it is, and to avoid transgressing
the regions of the impossible. For the
work at hand I had but little use, and I
criticized it severely as a thing absurd and
ridiculous.

  •It was moonlight, and for some mo-
ments after I had finished my tirade, we
sat watching the shadows among the hills.
Robinson was usually loquacious, but to-
night he was strangely quiet. Undoubtedly
he was thinking. He scarcely noticed my
talk at all; but sat there working his cigar
at both ends, chewing and smoking, dream-
ing, and apparently in the land of far
away, until the moon, passing behind a
cloud, and the flood of mellow light ceas-
ing, he turned to his friend.

“Hendricks,” he said, “how long has
it been since I escaped from that beast?”
“Third of January, and this is the third
of May,” answered Hendricks. “Exactly
four months. Why?”

  “Oh, nothing much. Only our friend here
is skeptical, and believes only in the com-
monplace; he is like all the rest of man-
kind, only I think we can cure him. I pro-
pose that we relate to him our own ex-
perience, and prove to him how one man
managed to live for ten thousand years in
the enjoyment of youth and vigor, and how
I came to be devoured alive, and how it
happens that I am living tonight to tell
the tale.”

  “Tell him, if you wish,” answered Hen-
dricks. “I’ll corroborate you as long as
you stick by the truth.”

  Robinson moved his chair closer to mine
and sat so that I could get a full and a
perfect view of his whole person.

  “Do you see any marks on me?” he be-
gan; “any tooth marks or anything like
that? No? Yet would you believe me were
I to tell you that I have been devoured
alive. Not only that, but digested and
enjoyed.”
84

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  “I certainly would not,” I answered.

  “Of course not,” he replied, “and really
I don’t much blame you. Time was, and
not so many years ago at that, when I
would have said the same thing. Neverthe-
less, what I am about to tell you is
the gospel truth, as you will learn from
my friend Hendricks.”

  And Robinson plunged instantly into
the following story.

ABOUT six years ago, after some time
spent in the islands, I returned in a
practically penniless state to San Fran-
cisco. Besides my baggage and wearing
apparel I could not have possessed much
more than forty dollars.

  One day, after I had tramped over a
great portion of the city, climbing sky-
scrapers, invading factories, and I know
not what in my never-ceasing search for
employment, I struck a crowd surging up
Montgomery, and like a chip in the tide,
drifted along with it.

  In my despair and half-heartedness I
little dreamed of the strange and marvelous
existence of which I was soon to become
a part. Of an existence which was to re-
ward me with a learning which I think has
never before been attained by mortal man,
and a wealth of such proportions that the
human mind can scarce conceive of its
vastness.

  Both sides of the street on which I
walked were lined by office buildings on
whose serried windows were hung, painted
and gilded, the signs and placards of
numerous lawyers, doctors, corporations,
and insurance companies. Among them my
attention was attracted to a particular at-
torney’s sign, whose reading in gold let-
ters had on me a strange and gladdening
effect. It read:

W. E. HENDRICKS
Attorney at Law

  I had known a W. E. Hendricks before
going to the islands. We had been class-
mates and roommates while at college, and

I remembered now, with a flash of eager
hope, that it had always been his desire
to build up a practice in some Western
State, preferably in California. I can hardly
tell you how happy and excited that hope
made me.

A MOMENT later I was in the office,
all trembling with eagerness over the
voice which came from the adjoining room.
Sure enough it was Hendricks—Bill Hen-
dricks, the one man whom above all others,
under my present indigent circumstances,
I would have chosen to meet.

  Naturally I moved my belongings to the
quarters of Hendricks, where, under the
spur of poverty, 1 lived on his bounty
while seeking employment.

  One morning, about a month later, I en-
tered the office and found Hendricks, as
usual, deep in the intricacies of his pro-
fession. Scattered over and about his desk
were his everlasting law books, legal pa-
pers, and documents, an evening paper, and
to one side an early edition of the San
Francisco Mercury, which, without look-
ing up, he passed over to me for perusal.

  “You will find,” he said, “an advertise-
ment in the help-wanted column which it
may be to your advantage to look up.”
The advertisement was marked with a
blue pencil, and I had but little trouble in
locating it. It was for a companion, and
I must say it was the most peculiar ad-
vertisement of its kind that I had ever
read. It was worded something like this:

   WANTED—A companion for an elderly
  gentleman; applicant must be about twenty-
  six years of age, exactly five feet eleven
  inches in height and must weigh between
  one hundred and eighty and eighty-five
  pounds. He must possess a small knowledge
  of the law; also he must be a good con-
  versationalist and be able to give proofs as
  to his perfect health and vigor. No ap-
  plicant with any symptom of disease or any
  infirmity whatsoever will be considered.
  Anyone answering these qualifications can
  procure immediate and lucrative employ-
  ment by calling, et cetera.

  The address of a Dr. Runson on Rubic
Avenue followed.
ALMOST IMMORTAL

85

  Strange to say, although the conditions
were so peculiar and various, and so im-
possible of filling for the ordinary man,
they fitted me to a nicety.

  It was almost as if I had received a spe-
cial order to report for duty. I was exactly
five feet eleven inches in height, and had
weighed only the day before, one hundred
and eighty-three pounds, so that I had a
leeway of two pounds in one direction and
three in the other. Besides, I possessed a
college education and knew considerable
about the law. If I had any weakness or
infirmity of any kind I had not as yet
noticed it. On top of this, I was a very
fair conversationalist; at least T had al-
ways been considered so by my friends.

  The position seemed made for me, and
I decided to apply for it immediately.

CHAPTER II

DR. RUNSON

AN hour later I had made my way to
Rubic Avenue, where I found the
rendezvous to be a most comfortable old
two-story house with large, deep, easy-
looking verandas, a splendid lawn, and
green-shuttered windows.

  In response to my knock a neat little
woman of some fifty summers—or rather
winters, for the quiet, troubled look of her
face, and the gray of her hair reminded
one more of that season than any other
—appeared at the door.

  She was trim and neat, and apparently
expecting me, for she quietly opened the
door and bade me, in a kind, motherly
voice which I noticed at once, to enter,
and without another word pressed a but-
ton beside her and disappeared, leaving
me in the hall alone and waiting. In an-
other moment a door opened above and a
voice came down the stairs—a musical
voice, but masculine and full of vigor.

  “Is that you, Mr. Robinson? Just step
up this way, please.”

  Naturally I had expected to meet a
stranger, and was not a little surprised at
hearing the sound of my own name spoken
from above.

  “It is,” I answered. And I remember
wondering how in the world he could know
it, and who in the world he could be.

  “I am glad to see you, Mr. Robinson,”
he greeted me when I reached the landing.
“Exceedingly glad. I was expecting you.
Step right in.”

  He opened the door and led me into a
study, or rather a sitting-room, or still
better, a combination of the two.

  “Sit down and we will talk business,” he
said.

  A total stranger I was sure. I had never
seen him before. Of my own height; but
sixty; hair turned gray; of my own fea-
tures, and might have been my twin
brother but for thirty years or so; hands
white and immaculate, slender and deft
like a gambler’s; neat, dressed in black,
clean shaved, and a gentleman.

  All this I took in at a glance as you
would take in a photograph. Nothing un-
common, nothing extraordinary, every-
thing, barring the resemblance to myself
which I might have had perfect reason
to expect. Then our eyes met.

  Someone has said that the eyes are the
gateway to the soul. This was an arch-
way. The idea of the common vanished
and in its place was the extraordinary, the
magnificent. I will condense it all by my
own flash of feeling—the eyes of a mul-
titude.

  You could not look into his eyes without
the feeling, instinctive, but always present,
that you were not looking into those of
one man, but the eyes of a thousand.
However, it was not an unpleasant feel-
ing, more of strength, of power; the im-
pression of an indomitable will which not
all the world could change. Nevertheless
they were pleasant, with a kindness and a
jovialty which danced and fascinated you.

  “Now, Mr. Robinson,” he began, when
we were seated, “let us proceed. I shall
talk first, for it is my nature. I am al-
ways first. You will be surprised at what
I tell you; but do not wonder at that, as
I am, 1 will admit, an extraordinary char-
acter. Though you will most likely find me
common enough for a few months.
86

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  “Now, I decided yesterday to advertise
for a companion, and in looking over the
available candidates I found you the most
desirable. 1 knew you could easily be
reached through the papers, therefore the
advertisement. Your name is John Robin-
son, you are twenty-six years of age.
Your height is five feet eleven inches. You
weighed yesterday one hundred and eighty-
three pounds. You have a smattering of
the law and a splendid education; you have
a will of your own and are handsome, you
are a good conversationalist and enjoy the
most perfect health. You have traveled and
have but lately returned from the islands;
you have but vefy little money, almost
broke, in fact, and you need work. Is not
all this true?”

  “Most true, doctor,” I returned. “I had
no idea you knew me, or perhaps—Hen-
dricks?”

  “No,” he broke in. “Neither. I never
dreamed of your existence until yesterday.
Didn’t know Hendricks was living. Further-
more, just for the fun of it, when you
dressed this morning you were minus one
sock and did not find it until after you
had searched for it for fully ten minutes.”
I laughed, for he was telling the truth,
though how he came to know I couldn’t
make out.

  “You surely have got me, unless you are
another Sherlock Holmes and a past-master
of deduction.”

  The doctor raised his hands imploringly.
“Please don’t,” he said. “Please don’t. N'ot
that. It’s too puerile, too common. I have
read Sherlock and admire the work; but
I am, I hope, far above that. I have pow-
ers, Mr. Robinson, T will admit; but I
am no detective. I never use deduction.
Leave that to the mortals.”

  As he spoke he drew himself up in a
proud, isolated sort of way, and T could
not help but admire him, though his man-
ner was mystic and his words, to me, rather
confusing.

  “That is very good flesh, sir. Very good
flesh!” He stepped over to my side and to
my wonderment began pinching my arm
severely. I don’t know why, but I drew

away with much the same feeling as a
fat chicker. might have, and was not a
little angr>.

  “It is,” I answered, reddening. “Per-
haps I had better be going.”

  “Oh, no! Mr. Robinson. Not at all.
Please don’t be offended. I meant no harm.
I was just wondering how it seemed to be
young. You are so vigorous and so full of
life that I envied you. But I meant no
harm. sir. I assure you I meant no harm.

  1 sat down again and accepted his
apology.

  “And about this position?” I asked.
“You know that is the object of my
visit.”

  “To be sure!” said the doctor. “To be
sure. Well, let me see. How would twenty
dollars and your board and room, sound?”

  “Sounds all right,” I replied; “de-
pending, though, a great deal on how I
earn it.”

  The old man’s eyes twinkled and he
smiled. “You will earn it, sii, by doing
nothing. Absolutely nothing.”

  “Rather easy,” I answered. “But there
must be something for me to do. Even
sleep is work when you are paid for it
and you’ve got it to do whether or no.”

  “To be sure! To be sure! Well, we’ll
amend that. There will be work and it will
consist in playing cards, reading, and con-
versation. You see I’m lonely, I’m get-
ting old. I need a companion and intend
to have one. I am wealthy and can afford
it. It’s merely a whim, sir, merely a
whim.”

  He took an eraser from the table and
began tossing it in his hand.

  It all looked good to me. He was a char-
acter beyond doubt, and his personality
attracted me. I foresaw that I would en-
joy myself in his company. Here was
someone to observe, someone to study; and
perhaps a little risk. He was a man with
some power, unknown perhaps, and might
bear watching. That, however, was an at-
traction, rather than an obstacle. I would
have had it just so. Therefore, we quickly
came to an understanding and I agreed
to remain.
ALMOST IMMORTAL

87

CHAPTER III

THE CASE-OF ALLEN DOREEN

MY POSITION turned out to be an
excellent one. There was practically
no work, merely to listen to the old gen-
tleman, a task which I found not only
interesting but agreeable. In the morning,
usually between seven and eight, we had
breakfast, after which we read and dis-
cussed the newspapers. About ten we would
go for a short walk and make a few pur-
chases until noon, when we had lunch.

  From that time until three my time
was my own, while the doctor retired to
his laboratory, or sanctum, into which I
was never invited, and none was allowed
to go. This was something easily accounted
for. I figured that anyone who would will-
ingly devote his life to disease, drugs, and
chemicals had all the license in the world
to be queer and particular in his habits,
and let it go at that.

  About three the doctor reappeared, tired
and nervous, and ready for a game of
cards. Always at this time of day I no-
ticed a hungry, longing look in his eyes;
but this I took to be merely the effect of
some strain on his mind, some scientific
fact sought for but not attained and in no
way connected it with myself. From three
until dark it was the same thing day after
day; cards, conversation, and reading.
Rather a snap, don’t you think?

  So the days went by one after an-
other. Each week my check was in hand
and each w'eek my savings mounted higher.

  One day during a walk the doctor and
I ran across Hendricks. Of course, I had
to introduce them. The doctor seemed
pleased to meet him and he to meet the
doctor.

  I noticed when they shook hands that
they gazed squarely into each other’s eyes
and laughed; they seemed to see clear
through each other and to take pleasure
in the accomplishment. Just before we
separated Hendricks took me by the arm.

  “Rob,” he said, “can you come down
to the office? I must see you.”

“Certainly,” I answered. “This after-

noon if you like. What’s it about, Hen?”
The doctor had been studying a window
display; but just then he happened to
turn and once again he and Hendricks
gazed full into each other’s eyes, and once
again they laughed.

  “Well!” snapped Hendricks. “Here’s
my car. I must be going. Glad to have
met you, doctor. So long Rob.”

  And a moment later from the platform
of the car he shouted back through his
hands: “Important!”

  We stood for some moments on the curb
watching the car jolting down the street,
until the fog settling in, we were left
alone in the blanket of mist, gloomy and
silent. Somehow I felt like the weather,
cold and monotonous and dreary; my life
was without sunshine.

  “That man,” said the doctor at length,
“is dangerous.”

  “What man!” I snapped, turning sud-
denly on him. He started and eyed me
curiously.

  “Why, that man, of course, the one
we just left. Hendricks, of course. What
other could I mean?”

  Now I liked the old man immensely;
but I could and would not stand there
and see him abuse my friend.

  “Look here, doctor, you may be a
learned man all right and all that, and you
may know a good many things unknown
to the rest of us poor mortals; but that
won’t help you one whit, when it comes
to judging men. I have known Hendricks
practically all my life and I know him
almost as well as myself. He is honest and
fearless and the best friend that ever trod
on tw'o feet. I will not hear a word against
him!”

  My companion smiled good naturedly.
“Whom are you working for, Mr. Rob-
inson?”

  “For you.”

  “Whose money are you drawing?”
  “Yours.”

  “Well, then, I want you to have nothing
to do with Hendricks. He’s too analytical,
too dangerous. I want you to leave him
alone.”
88

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  I was going to answer him with heat,
but just then our eyes met and I subsided.
For the life of me, I could not tell why;
but a complete change came over me. I
instinctively felt that the doctor was right
and I was wrong.

  Lunch was ready when we reached the
house, and after the meal the doctor as
usual disappeared in his sanctum. Left to
my own resources, I began to come to
myself.

  “Pish!” I exclaimed. “I’ll go see Hen-
dricks!”

  In the hall I met the housekeeper. She
was dusting some furniture. I had just
placed my hand on the door knob when
she touched me gently on the shoulder.

  “Mr. Robinson.’”

  I noticed that her voice was low and
cautious with a sort of appeal in it.

  “Well, what is it?”

  She lifted her kind old face to mine;
her eyes full of tenderness and entreaty
and I thought of pity.

  “Don’t you think you had better go
away and stay? It’s getting to be that
time of the year. You don’t know what
you are doing or where you are going. I
have been watching the doctor. I am sure
the time is at hand. You are young; you
are handsome, full of life, and strength.
Oh! It is not fit to be so! Do say that
you will go!”

  She seized the lapels of my coat in her
hands and looked up into my face.

  “Do say it!” she repeated. “He would
kill me if he knew I had warned you!”

  Just then a door creaked or a window
was lowered. I know not what exactly.
The woman drew back, her whole form
rigid with fear. We both listened. For
a moment we stood like two silent statues,
alert, but hearing nothing.

  “Pshaw!” I said at length. “It is noth-
ing. Now, mother, what is the trouble?”

  The sound of my voice restored her and
a little color came to her face.

  “Go!” she said. “And be sure to re-
member what I have told you!”

  With that a door opened and she dis-
appeared. As for myself, I put on my hat

  and started for town. A half hour later I
was in Hendricks’ office.

ELL, Rob,” he said, lighting a
cigar, “you got here. Do you know
I would have wagered a good five-dollar
bill against a single unroasted peanut
that you would never have made it! And
I’m mighty glad you are stronger than
I thought. I suppose you know what you
are up against!”

  Now this was a line of talk for which

I	was scarcely prepared, especially from
Hendricks. Of course, I was some worked
up after the little scene with the house-
keeper; but I hardly expected to find
my friend in the same humor.

  “Oh, say,” I cut in, “are you and the
old lady in cahoots? Do you want me
to lose a good thing? What’s the mat-
ter?”

  He thought a while, went to the window
and watched the traffic in the street. Pres-
ently he turned about and in his slow,
earnest way began to talk.

  “Look here, Rob. The gentleman to
whom I was introduced today has in-
terested me more than any person I have
ever met. He is a character I have dreamed
about. I have often pictured myself meet-
ing an individual of this species. I must
say it pleases me, though I am sorry to
find you in his company. I intend to give
you fair warning. I shall tell you what
he is, and you can direct your future
actions accordingly. But first I want you
to tell me all you know about him and
what has transpired since you have taken
up your position. Go ahead.”

  Kind of a poser, wasn’t it?

  But I had confidence in Hendricks. Of
all the persons I had ever met, he was
the last to take a dramatic posture. I
knew him for a deep water man, a man
of deep thoughts and few words; but when
the words did come they were like chips of
steel, sharp and to the point. Therefore, I
opened my heart fully. I related to Hen-
dricks all that I knew, also I told him
of the old lady’s actions and the scene
in the hallway.
ALMOST IMMORTAL

89

WHEN I had finished he smiled and
began drubbing the desk with his
fingers.

  “And what do you make of it?” he
asked.

  I threw up my hands.

  “You’ve got me, Hendricks. There’s a
rat in a hole somewhere; but I am not
cat enough to see it.”

  “Well,” he answered, “I am. The man’s
a ghoul. Ever hear of a vampire?”

  “On the stage.”

  “Yes, and off. Not the thrilling, entranc-
ing kind that lulls you with a scene of
love and beauty and soothingly imbibes
while you are in a dream of the seventh
heaven; but the real stern, genuine, reality.
The kind that measures and weighs every
movement of its victim, the kind that
watches with the pulsating eyes of a cat
every play of the muscles, every flash of
emotion until, secure of its prey and sure
of the moment, it feeds its greed with
the blood of its fellow.”

  “Pleasant prospect surely,” I an-
swered.

  “Do you still wish to retain your job?”
“Why, old boy! If that old duffer made
an offer to harm me I’d strangle him
with my thumb and little finger!”

  “You’d do nothing of the sort. That old
man has mind. Your strength and muscle
don’t amount to a row of shucks. When
the time comes,” he snapped his fingers,
“there'll be no Jack Robinson.”

  “I suppose he will make a sort of salad
of me; or serve me up as a soup,” I
put in.

  “Hardly that. Listen, Rob. Did you
ever hear of Allen Doreen?”

  “The man who walked into a London
cottage and disappeared from the face of
the earth even though the place was sur-
rounded by watchers? I’ve heard of him
surely. And I believe the story a lie.”
“Well, I don’t,” snapped Hendricks.
“The man who had charge of those watch-
ers was my own father. He was Allen
Doreen’s best friend. Furthermore, when
Doreen entered that house, there was a
man sitting in plain view of the watchers;

and that man was the exact counterpart
of your doctor friend. In half an hour they
had both disappeared.

  “When they broke open the house it
was searched from cellar to attic and from
attic to cellar back again; but neither skin
nor teeth nor hair was found of either. The
place was completely surrounded; yet no
one was seen leaving the house. It was as
if they had dissolved in air, so completely
was it done. That was the last ever seen
of Allen Doreen. My father worked on the
case for years. The police of London never
quite gave it up. Yet it is a mystery today
—no evidence whatever, no sign, no clue.”
“Perhaps,” said I, “a secret passage.”
“The place was torn down three weeks
afterward,” Hendricks returned, “the foun-
dations were torn up for a larger building.
Such a thing would have been found. There
was none.”

  “Well,” I yawned, “you’ve got me. Any-
how, I’ll hold my job. It’s the most excit-
ing way of doing nothing I’ve yet found.
Besides I’ve started on the serial, and
I’m going to see the next chapter.”
Hendricks took a fresh cigar.

  “Well, that settles it, Rob. You’re the
same old daredevil. Nothing can frighten
you, not even a real, genuine, live bogey
man. And I’m glad of it. We’ll see the
thing through. Between you and me, I
think we’ll catch the fox and know his
game. Likewise there’ll be a solution of
Allen Doreen.

  “So far your cases are parallel: soft
snap, nothing to do, pleasant doctor, ad-
vertisement, height, weight, and measure-
ment all agree. All we’ve got to do is
change the results. That’s up to us. Now
I’m going to show you something.”

  From a drawer in his desk he drew
out a small old-fashioned case which he
unsnapped and passed over to me. It con-
tained a photograph.

  “Perhaps,” said he, “you have seen
someone who looks like that.”

  I took the picture and held it to the
light. It was the doctor.

  “Looks like it, doesn’t it,” asked my
friend. “And perhaps it is. That is the
90

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

man who did away with Allen Doreen.
I am the exact image of my father. He
recognized me at once. Now you see why
we laughed in each other’s faces. It was
a challenge. Mine was a laugh of triumph;
his, of derision and contempt. We shall
see who is the fox. And now, to get down
to business what is it that you propose
to do?”

  “Well,” said 1, “I see nothing else to do
but to return to my work and if anything
unusual or threatening occurs—why, I’m
the very little boy who will put a stop
to it.”

  “I’m glad,” Hendricks smiled, “that you
are so confident. However, I am going to
take a few precautions, or rather, I have
already taken them. Your house is even
now under surveillance; there are three de-
tectives of my own hiring on the watch,
one each in the houses adjoining and one
in the house across the street. They know
fully what an important case they are on,
and are aware of the consequent glory, if
they are successful.

  “They are the shiftiest, nerviest, and
cleverest of the force and understand per-
fectly with w'hat a wise old fox they are
dealing.

  “Now7 if anything very unusual should
happen, and you wish to notify the out-
side world, all you have to do it to place
a piece of paper in a window where it
may be seen, and if you need help, two
—one in each end of the window. Myself,
I shall keep hidden. The old fox is onto
me and consequently I shall keep out of
sight until such time as I am needed, when
I will be there.”

  “All right, Hendricks,” I said, “I’ll do
as you say. But really, after all, I don’t
believe the old doc is as bad as you say.
There must be some mistake. I have an
idea it will all come out right and the
only thing to result will be a little foolish
feeling for ourselves.”

  There was an embarrassed pause.

  “As you will, Rob,” shrugged Hen-
dricks. “Only I wish to take no chances.
You have a perfect right to your own
opinion.”

     CHAPTER IV

MRS. GREEN MAKES AN EFFORT

ACK again?”

  It was the doctor; he met me at the
door, a smile on his face and his hand
extended; he was in his best humor.

  “Yes,” said I, removing my hat, “I had
a little business to transact and thought
it was best done before it was too late.”
“That’s good!” returned the doctor, a
twinkle in his eye. “Always keep your
affairs in good order. Everybody should
do that. Neglect nothing. That’s been my
motto, always and at all times. We know
so little of what is going to happen.”

  At that moment I would have given I
know not what for a more definite knowl-
edge of what the next few days might have
in store.

  If I was uneasy, I think I carried it off
quite well and I don’t think the doctor
had any suspicion. In a few minutes I
was my own self and was dealing out the
cards as deftly and easily as ever I had
done.

  “This is a fine game,” said the doctor,
who was winning.

  “Splendid,” 1 returned inasmuch as I
was paid for losing. “Splendid!”

  Swish, swish, swish; the cards glided
over the table—the doctor’s. I dealt my-
self three. Swish, swish, swish—the doc-
tor’s; clip, clip, clip—our hands were dealt.
The first trick was the doctor’s and his
smile grew broader. The next was mine,
and the next, and the next; the whole
hand in fact. With the turn of luck his
good humor vanished.

  “A rum hand,” he muttered. “Gimme
something good!”

  However, it was his own deal, and he
surely treated himself well. All the trumps
were his, likewise the tricks. His good
humor returned.

  “Do you know, my boy, I always like
to win on this night? This, you know is
the twentieth of September, the night of
all nights. Every twenty years it returns.”
He was watching the cards as they
glided toward him, picking them up, one
ALMOST IMMORTAL

91

by one, with his long tapered fingers, and
talking more apparently to himself than
to me.

  “Every twenty years! 1 have reduced
it to a formula, a science. Twenty years,
two minutes, fifty-eight seconds!” He drew
out his watch. “Fifteen minutes of eight.
Over two hours yet. Two hours and over.”
He began playing again—silently—a
smile on his lips, anticipating. It was a
sort of sensual smile and I noticed an odd
look of anticipation in his eyes as he
watched the cards. The tricks were all
his and he drew back entirely satisfied.

  “What’s this, doc? Why every twenty
years? Why must you win tonight? Ex-
periment or fact?”

  “Fact,” answered the doctor, “fact. I
win for luck; luck always goes with the
winner. You lead.”

  Again we went to playing; but in the
intervals of play I began, absently, like
one merely passing time, to roll a news-
paper which was lying on the table. You
may think I was perturbed; but I was
not at all; I was merely doing what my
friend had advised—playing safe.

  If I were going to see the thing through
to the end, I calculated that perhaps a
little help at the climax would be a thing
most convenient. Of course, my mind was
working. Hendricks had called the doctor
a vampire. I had never seen one; but my
imagination had pictured a thing vastly
different from this.

  During the silent moments I watched
him—cool, clear-eyed, and kindly, his every
movement an act of grace, his whole man-
ner the embodiment of fascination. When
he smiled the very atmosphere seemed to
ripple, his clear eyes fairly danced with
mirth and you felt a sort of infinite joy in
the mere privilege of sharing their pleasure.

  I had known him for many days—this
man, and during all that time I had found
him nothing but kindness and considera-
tion, a companion, jolly at all times. As
I studied him and watched him, my mind
revolted at its own folly.

  What a climax of things ridiculous to
classify this man with a species of moral

outcast, which mankind in its loathsome
horror has refused a classification with
either man or beast. Can you blame me for
laying the paper back on the table? I had
only folded it.

THE game continued, the doctor win-
ning regularly and deriving an infinite
joy therefrom; and I, with all I had on
my mind, watching him intently for ever
so small a sign that might signify or prove
him to be anything but that to which he
pretended.

  The clock struck nine. It came all at
once as clocks have a habit of doing
when, in the silent hours, a clashing that
seems to step right out of the wall seizes
you by the throat, and startles you out of
your marrow. We both started; but the
doctor, I was sure, was really frightened.

  He half rose in his chair, seized his
watch in his left hand, and stood gazing
from it to the clock in a sort of palsy.
A look such as I never saw in a mortal
came into his eyes; they fairly danced
and glittered, and as he gazed at me be-
wildered, I would have sworn that they
dissolved, and that I looked not into the
eyes of one, but into those of a hundred.
Snap. The doctor closed his watch.
“My!” he sighed. “How that did startle
me! I thought it was ten and I was too
late. Let us have some wine.”

  He reached for the bell and pressed it
energetically, almost savagely.

  “Do you know, Mr. Robinson,” he asked
while we were waiting, “do you know what
it means to me?”

  “Naturally I do not,” I replied. “You
having never told me.”

  “Well, I’ll tell you”—leaning back in
his chair—“it means this: In an hour’s
time I shall be either alive or dead. If my
experiment or fact, as I have called it,
is a success you will see me a miracle,
alive, young, strong, handsome, a being
to marvel at and admire. If it should
fail, you will witness the most abject and
miserable death that ever has been or ever
will be seen on this earth.

  “In a few moments from that time I
92

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

shall begin to dwindle, to tumble, to strug-
gle, to cry out; my pleading will ring in
your ears for years to come; when you
are dreaming and when you are waking
you will see my fearful image; I shall be
a horror and an abomination to you. In
a few moments I shall be no larger than
this inkstand, and I shall be growing
smaller and smaller until at last I disap-
pear—a mere speck of nothing forever
and forever.

  “But you, who are standing here—you
will have seen an army, a strange fantom
host, jabbering, incoherent, indistinct, a
confusion of the ungodly with the godly
—a babel of conflicting tongues, a strug-
gling of opposing nationalities, a mael-
strom of fantom hatred, with myself the
center of it all, reviled, execrated, loathed,
and despised. Their curses will ring in
your ears for a lifetime.

  “I will stand here alone; they will van-
ish; one by one they will step into a grave
of shadows and disappear, and you will
be left alone with nothing but a prob-
lem, the solution of which will baffle not
only you, but your friends and assistants
for all time.”

  He was quite cool now, and I could
see that he was perfectly sane, although
my firm faith in his manhood—the good
old gentleman kind—began to flicker per-
ceptibly.

  “And it was for this,” I asked, “that you
employed me?”

  “Exactly.”

  “You wished to make use of me?”
“Naturally. For what does one man hire
another if it is not his services? You will
help me in this crisis. It will be a triumph,
a great one, for one or the other of us.
In any case you will have beheld something
to witness which there are many who would
willingly pay a fortune.”

  The door opened and the housekeper
brought in the wine and the glasses. I
bowed to her and took the occasion to
nonchalantly place the roll of paper in the
window; the curtain was up and I was
fairly sure that it could be seen from
across the street. My action T was sure

was not noticed, for the doctor was pour-
ing out the wine, while the woman was
standing alongside the table watching him.

  Evidently she was greatly excited, for I
noticed that her hands trembled violently,
while her face, so calm and healthy usually
was ashy white, to which her lips drawn
down at the corners as if from some load
of anguish, gave that troubled and stricken
look of one standing under an impending
disaster.

  “Mrs. Green”—it was the doctor who
spoke—“do you know the day of the
month?”

  It was said in a cool, steady tone, but
there was mockery in it indescribably; an
indefinite taunting, tinctured with hatred
and self-superiority.

 The woman started and her hands
clenched; a very storm of fury broke upon
her. If the doctor had wished to goad her
to madness, he had done it well and with
but a sentence. Anyway, it seemed to please
him, for he smiled sweetly while she broke
upon him.

  “You!” she shouted as she leveled her
trembling, accusing finger. “You! You liarl
You murderer! You dog! You know I
know! And you dare ask me! What day is
it! What day of the month is it! Yes, ask,
when you know so well! It is the twentieth
of September, that it is! Your anniversary!
Your celebration of crime—of murder!

  “Where is Allen Doreen? Down in your
black, black, dirty, warped, crime-bespat-
tered soul you are gloating over a murder
thistvery night! Where is Allen Doreen?
Was I not with you twenty years ago when
you murdered that poor, innocent lad?
And because I did not witness the actual
deed, do you suppose for an instant that I
doubted your guilt?

  “I am your housekeeper now and I was
your housekepeer then, though you little
knew it when you engaged me six months
ago! Why did you hire Allen Doreen?
Why did you pay him fabulous sums to
do merely nothing? What became of him?
What did you do with him? Answer me
that! Why have you this man here? Sir,”
she continued, turning to me, “unless you
ALMOST IMMORTAL

93

take my advice and leave this house at
once, you will never see daylight again.”

  “Mrs. Green! This is enough! Enough!”

  And before I could interfere he had
seized her by the arms and ejected her
from the room, turning the key in the
door as he did so!

CHAPTER V

THE VAMPIRE

HE WAS a man of quick action, and
it was done in a twinkling, almost
before 1 could think.

  But the scene had decided me.

  The picture of the old woman standing
there in the lamplight, her face ashen, her
eyes flashing, and her accusing finger speak-
ing as loudly as her tongue, will ever live
in my memory.

  And I can see the doctor still, sitting
there with the wine-filled glasses, smiling
cynically, egging her on with his mocking,
taunting laugh.

  I would have rolled a second paper and
brought Hendricks and his men thunder-
ing through the door, but for a thought.

1 was morally sure that this man was a
murderer, and I was just as certain that
he was contemplating another crime this
night, with myself for the victim.

  But what was the proof?

  I had none; only an old woman’s word,
and that had all been before the law al-
ready. I could not call Hendricks yet. If
I were afraid, I could walk out of the
door. The doctor could not stop me. But
I was not afraid. No, there was but one
thing to do—to wait. When the time came
I would throttle him with my thumb and
finger just to show Hendricks; and then
call in my friends.

  The doctor was in an apologetic mood,
though T noticed that he put the key in
his pocket. Not that I cared, for I con-
sidered myself enough of his master to take
it away from him whenever needed, only
[ noticed it.

  “You mustn’t mind her,” he said. “Mrs.
Green is a good old soul, only a little
erratic, that’s all.” He oointed to his fore-

head to signify her fault. “She has them
once in a while. She lost a dear friend
once; but the poor old soul has a haunt-
ing idea, of which I can never rid her,
that I was the cause of his disappearance.
She has been my housekeeper for years.
She is splendid. Let us get back to our
game.”

  Once again we sat down, sipping the
wine and playing cards. The clock above
was slowly ticking toward the fatal ten, and
the doctor was having all the luck. I was
very curious and expectant; but kept a
cool head, watching every movement of my
companion.

  What were his plans? What his treach-
ery? What his preparations? I could see
none, only his everlasting playing.

  Ife seemed superbly confident, humming
a low tune, and smiling as buoyantly as
a boy of twelve. There was surely some-
thing in the air; but try as I might, I could
make nothing out of it. I waited.

  It was half past nine—twenty minutes
of the hour; the room was hot and stuffy,
and I began to feel nervous. I had no
fear, and, having none, I tried to laugh
at myself for giving way to nerves. In
spite of all my efforts, I felt myself slip-
ping, a great lump came in my throat
which I could not down, and I could hear
my heart thumping against my ribs, pulsat-
ing so loudly that I was rather surprised
that the doctor did not notice it.

  Fifteen minutes to ten. I was watching
keenly.

  “At your first move, old man, I will
strangle you,” I said to myself.

  But the doctor did not move. Instead
he kept on playing, calm, happy, and in
perfect good humor. His very coolness
nettled me; from dislike T was rapidly
running into hatred. My hands shook with
desire for action. If he were a vampire,
I wanted to know it, and to know it
quickly!

  Why this everlasting delay and these in-
fernal cards?

  I was cutting, when the first sign came,
and I shall never forget it.

  It was a sensation, a feeling I wish
94

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

never again to experience. For the first
time 1 knew that 1 was playing with a
power behind the conception of man; that
I was eating with the devil and was using
a short spoon. It was like a wave; my
courage vanished and my confidence was
gone. When I looked up the doctor was
peering at me.

  Lord, what eyes! Cavernous, flaming
with the most unholy light of ages! With
a cry of horror I dropped the cards.

  The doctor said not a word; his whole
body seemed to shrivel and become head
and that in turn to transform and disinte-
grate and to slowly reform and grow into
eyes, immense and terrible, two great
green fires, consuming, devouring, un-
earthly.

  What was it! What was it! A scream!

  The eyes vanished; the doctor was sit-
ting there before me. Yes, it was a scream;
a woman’s scream. How good it seemed! A
door slammed across the street; there was
a scurrying of feet. I was myself. I seized
the second roll and started for the window.

  “Put down that paper!”

  It was the doctor who spoke. The clock
stood two minutes to ten.

  “Put down that paper I”

  1 laughed.

  “I’ll do nothing of the sort! Stop me
if you can!”

  In a flash he was at me. Here I knew
myself his master. Arms outstretched he
made for me and I could not help laugh-
ing at his awkwardness. Timing him to a
dot, I let drive my left. It was a well-
directed blow, and I knew it for a knock-
out. He was coming head on when my
blow landed.

  Landed! Say, rather, entered, for my
fist entered his jaw like so much mist,
passed through his head and out the other
side.

  Unable to believe my senses, I shot out
my right. It passed clean through him. I
could see my fist out of his back.

  With a cry of horror I sprang out of
his reach. I could hear voices; someone
was forcing the front door.

  “Hendricks! Hendricks!” I screamed.

 The old man was after me like a demon.

“Aye, Hendricks!” he mocked. “Hen-
dricks! 1 fooled the father and I’ll fool
the son! Every twenty years I eat a man,
and I’ll eat you as I have the others! Give
me that paper!”

He made a lunge, and before I could
sidestep he had me. I struggled, but it was
useless. It was like fighting with smoke. I
knew I was gone; I was helpless. My
friend was outside.

 But he was too late.

HERE Robinson lit a cigar.

“Well,” I asked, “what hap-
pened?”

He puffed for a moment.

“Hendricks will have to tell you the
rest; my part is done. Go ahead, Hen, and
give him the other part.”

 Hendricks took up the narrative as fol-
 lows:

CHAPTER VI

WHAT HENDRICKS FOUND

WHEN Robinson left my office I was
extremely puzzled.

 My friend would do his best, and if the
 old fox caught him unawares, well, then,
 he was a slyer fox than I imagined.

Of the man himself I was morally cer-
tain. I returned to my desk and studied
the picture over and over again. They were
the same, barring only the difference in
the style of the clothes, which, of course,
counted for nothing.

There was one thing, and one thing
only, which bothered me.

These two men were of the same age;
yet this picture had been taken over twenty
years before. Surely the living picture—
the man himself—should have aged some
in that length of time, or was he one of
those upon whom years had no effect and
whom advancing age always finds at mid-
dle age, stationary, healthy, and belying
their own looks?

 The telephone rang.

“Hello! Hello! Who is it?”

“Is this Mr. Hendricks?”
ALMOST IMMORTAL

95

  “It is. Who is this?”

  “Brooks, at Rubic Avenue. We have
had the house under surveillance ever since
you detailed us. Mr. Robinson has just
returned. The old lady—the housekeeper,
the woman you mentioned—was just here.
You are right, all right. She was mixed
up with the Allen Doreen affair, and I
think she will be our main witness. I want
you to get out here and have a talk with
her.

  “And, by the way, the old lady says
that this is the day, and we want to
take no chances.

  “She has gone back to the house just at
present; she is mortally afraid of the doc,
says that if he rang and found her gone
he would surely kill her. When can you
come?”

  “Right away. I will be out there imme-
diately.”

  In a few minutes I was on a car bound
for Rubic Avenue.

  My men I found in the house across the
street, which they seemed to be making
their headquarters. It was now five-thirty.
“Well,” said I, “what news?”

  “Not much of anything,” said Smythe.
“But we are awaiting the woman; she
promised she would return as soon as you
arrived, so we could settle all our plans.
She says there is no danger until some
time after nine, absolutely none, because
the doctor, as she calls him, never works
at his trade, or whatever you may call it,
in the daytime.

  “Brooks, who is on the watch, reports
that Robinson and the doctor have just
entered one of the front rooms upstairs,
and, from the looks, are playing cards.”
“Very likely,” I answered. “Robinson,
who has just left me, says that is their
chief pastime.”

  Then I told them about my interview
with Robinson and the plans we had laid.

  “So, you see, our best tactics will be
to wait and watch.”

  Well, sir, we waited.

  About six came the old lady. She was
terribly excited and very much worried;
but beyond a recital of her former experi-

ence and the fact that she had heard the
doctor mumbling, “The twentieth, the
twentieth,” several times during the past
few days, I can’t say that she had much
information to impart. But on this one
thing she was very sure and very much
worked up.

  “Oh, how glad I am that you men are
here to help Mr. Robinson!” she said.
“Only I’m afraid, terribly afraid. Perhaps
you are not smart enough. Oh. he’s clever;
it will be just like him to do his work
right in front of you, and you not be
able to do a thing.”

  “He would have to be a devil to do
that,” said Smythe. “I suppose you know
that the house is surrounded, and that
nobody can leave it nor enter without at
least ten eyes upon him.”

  “I know it, I know it,” said the old
lady. “But what’s been done before can
be done again. 1 tell you for myself I
ain’t afraid, he won’t harm me; but I
do care for this young man. He won’t
listen to me. Says he’s not afraid and all
that. But I tell you all quite frankly,
the doctor’s not human. No, sir, he’s
something else; when a man can do what
he does, he’s something, and that ain’t
man either.” With that she left us.

  There was a good deal in what she
said, and I told them so; but Smythe
shook his head.

  “I’ve heard of this Doreen case be-
fore, Mr. Hendricks, read of it, and I
have always said I would have liked to
have been there. Now, here’s our chance.
We have Robinson over there, big and
strong, athletic, no fool and no coward,
and we have a bunch of men around us,
all of them trained, all alert; and we have
Mrs. Green there in the house with them,
and a code of signals. Everything is in our
favor. We can catch the old fox red-handed,
save Robinson, and clear up the Doreen
mystery, and all at the same time.”

WE ALL of us settled down now to
our vigil. From our vantage ground
of an upper room we could look across into
the room where, sure enough, sat Robinson
96

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

and the doctor, both apparently enjoying
a friendly game of cards. It was not too
close nor yet so far but that we could
make them out quite plainly; the curtains
Were open and, of course, a great deal of
the room was in our plain view.

  Well, nothing happened. The minutes
drew into hours, and as the first excite-
ment wore away the time began to grow
lazy. 1 began to get sleepy. I think it was
some time after nine when Brooks nudged
me.

  “Look! Look! What’s Robinson doing?”

  Across the street I could see Rob. He
was rolling up a paper.

  “Was it one or two?”

  I got up; but he seemed to laugh and
lay it down again, and to resume his
playing. Nothing more happened for about
a quarter of an hour; then suddenly the
old man started from his chair, pressed
his hand to his forehead, and in a startled
way began to talk to his companion. A few
moments later, after he had resumed his
seat, the door,opened, and we could see
the old man and the old woman shaking
their fists angrily at each other—at least
the old woman shook hers. Then it was
that Rob put the paper in the window.

  “Ah!” exclaimed Brooks. “Now there is
something doing over yonder! What’ll we
do?”

  “Beginning to be interesting,” I an-
swered, getting up. “You stay here, Brooks,
while I get the men together. Keep a close
lookout. If Bob gives the other signal or if
you see anything suspicious, be sure and
signal to us, and wre will break in immedi-
ately.”

  Below I gathered up the men, placed two
at the back, two at the sides, and kept
with me two others. Every inch of the
house was to be watched. The light was at
the window, and the house was silent. For
some time we waited; but there was only
the thumping of our hearts and the ever-
lasting pulsating throb of the city night.
After a little a window was raised, and I
heard Brooks’ voice.

  “Hendricks,” he said coolly, “now is
your time. Enter quietly and make your

way up to the room. You’ll have your

 man easy enough.”

   I had just reached the steps when a
 woman screamed, and a frightened, fearful
 cry it was, to be sure. And then, running
 and almost falling, I could hear someone
 coming down the stairs.

   W'ith a cry we made for the door; but
 at the same instant the housekeeper opened
 it, slammed it, and stood before us. She
 was white and trembling.

   “Oh,” she cried, “for goodness sake,
 hurry! Hurry! It’s the devil! Sure, sure
 it’s the devil!”

   “Woman,” I almost shrieked, “look what
 you have done! We are locked out!”
 “Burst it! Burst it open!” came an order
 behind.

   It was Brooks.

    “Hendricks! Get in there! Get in there!”
 W'ith the force of two hundred pounds
 he landed against the door, and in a min-
 ute we rolled, men, door, locks, and all, a
 heap on the floor. The woman screamed
 again, and above everything I could hear
 a voice familiar and distinct. It was Rob.

   At a bound I threw myself to my feet
 and dashed up the stairs. A light was
 streaming beneath the door, and there
 was a peculiar noise coming from the in-
 side, a sort of chuckle. Brooks passed me,
 and both together we landed against the
 door. It was locked; we knew that, so
 we sent it crashing to the floor.

   The room wras empty!

CHAPTER VII

VISITOR OR VISITATION

 WE WERE baffled, defeated! I had
 been laughed at to my face! My best
 friend was gone!

   A sort of haze came over me, and for
 the next few minutes I remember almost
 nothing. Then I noticed the blaze of light,
 the cards about the table, the empty wine
 glasses and bottles, and the soft green
 carpet, while I could see Brooks dashing
 about the room, stamping on the floor,
 pounding the walls, and swearing a great,
 copious string of heavy oaths.
ALMOST IMMORTAL

97

  “You below, therel” he shouted. “Are
those men here yet? Well, hold tight 1
Don't let an inch of this house escape
you! I’m going to comb over it with a
fine-tooth comb! And if we don’t get
him, I’ll know he’s the devil!”

  “And that’s what I think he is,” said
I. “I could have sworn I heard him when
I reached this door!”

  “And I, too,” returned Brooks. “Yet
here we are, and there is neither hide nor
hair of him!”

  But however much my detective friend
agreed with me, he would not, as he said,
allow superstition and mystic fear to get
the better of him; and now, while he had
a hand in the game and the tiling was
warm, he was going to see the house from
top to bottom, attic, cellar, and sideways.

  Keen over our lost prey, we set to work,
and I do not believe there was a house
searched as this one. With the help from
headquarters, we went at it from every
corner.

  Everything was ransacked, rummaged,
burst open, examined; walls were thumped,
floors pounded, ceilings tested, and carpets
torn up. But it all ended as I had fore-
seen.

  When gray dawn struck, it found a house
much like one stricken by an earthquake or
a whirlwind, but never a clue that would
lead us anywhere at all. Of course, I was
heart-broken over Rob, and I swore by
everything that I knew that I would never
leave off the trail until I had either rescued
or avenged him. Nor was I alone.

  Brooks, with all his great confidence and
splendid nonchalance of a few hours be-
fore, was a thing to look at. Truly he re-
minded me of a bloodhound chasing his
tail. With all his skill and technique he was
getting nowhere. When daylight came he
threw up his hands.

  “I tell you, Hendricks, this is not a
case; it is a study, and I must have time
to think. Likewise”—remembering himself
—“I must eat. But I tell you one thing;
I will never leave this case until either I
or the doctor get each other.”

  Anyway, we ate. And afterward we re-

turned and began our search all over again.
And we kept it up day in and day out, and
to be doubly sure, we rented the place and
moved into it. And we watched and waited,
while the days grew into months, and the
months into years, until I found myself
five years older with a great practice and
a greater mystery.

I HAD attained by hard, grinding work,
I think, a very credible place in the
legal world. I was not married, and was
living with Brooks in the House of Mys-
tery, as he chose to call it.

  We kept a housekeeper—none other than
the old Mrs. Green, who had held the
same position under our spooky friend the
notorious Dr. Runson, for whom the po-
lice of every city of the world were looking
and not finding.

  There was one great, permeating idea
in the house; find the doctor, avenge
Robinson, and clear up the Doreen mys-
tery.

  Brooks worked on the case as one who
would work on a puzzle. Me was always
ready; had had the police oiled and ready,
prepared at any moment to reach out and
grasp its victim.

  Then one night we received a sign.

  At the time we had moved into the
house I had chosen a nice cozy room to
the rear, and would have made that my
sleeping quarters had it not been for
Brooks, who expostulated in the loudest
manner.

  “There is but one room in the whole
house, Hendricks,” he said, “in which we
can sleep, and that is the little room up
yonder to the front, where this little scene
took place a few weeks back, and there
we’ll stay.”

  I remember plainly. It was in September.
I had been out to a social affair, and did
not get in until about eleven o’clock. When
I turned on the light, Brooks was snoring
loudly, his head back and his mouth wide
open, as though he were enjoying it. T
crawled into bed with him.

  How long I slept I do not know; but
when I awoke some time after with a
98

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

 start, it was to find Brooks, or at least
 I thought it was he, sitting on my feet.
 Like any sleepy person, I became angry.

 “Hey, you! Gee whiz! Brooks, get off
 my feet!

 Someone at my side turned, and I saw
 it was Brooks.

 “What’s the matter with you?” he said.
 “I’m not on your feet. Got a nightmare?”

 But I was not asleep, and I knew it.
 There was surely something on my feet,
 so I raised up and looked. Sure enough,
 seated there in the moonlight was the
 form of a man.

 It was Robinson!

 For a moment I was dazed, my heart
 jumping and my throat swollen.

 “Don’t you know me, old boy?” it said.

 Hardly believing my own eyes, nor my
 ears either, I dropped back on the pillow
 and lay thinking. Finally I reached over
 and pinched Brooks, who was almost
 awake.

 “What’s the matter?”

 “Do you see anything?”

 “Where?”

 “At the foot of the bed. On my feet.”

 “Pooh!”

 With an air of disgust and distrust, my
 bedfellow raised himself and immediately
 dropped back on the pillow.

 “Who—who is it?” he whispered.

 The sound of his voice, and the fact that
 he, as well as I, could see some one, re-
 assured me; for, though I am hardly afraid
 of flesh and blood in the real personal
 form, I, like most other people, have only
 a creepy sympathy with an apparition.
 That Brooks had seen and recognized was
 an assurance I needed, for I must say I
 was in a cold sweat of fear and apprehen-
 sion. I raised myself to a sitting posture.

 “Well?”

 It was Rob who spoke, and it was the
 old voice.

 “Is this really you, Rob,” I asked doubt-
 fully, “or just something else?”

 He laughed.

 “You think me a ghost, don’t you, Hen?
 Well, to tell you the truth, I am, almost;
 at least, as near one as a man could get.”

  “Then—then you are not dead, Rob?”
“No,” he answered, “I’m not dead, nor
alive either, for that matter.”

  He got up and walked about the room,
and I noticed that his walk was ghostlike,
no noise, absolute silence, and he nearly six
feet and one hundred and eighty pounds.

  “Look here, Hendricks.” He stopped to
look at the clock. “I’ve got but a few
moments to spare. It was only by super-
human struggle that I am here; only by
a terrific battle of the will that I am with
you; and at any moment, any second, I
may leave you. I came to help you, to
encourage you. Keep up your search, and
some day you will be rewarded.

  “I will help you. I am not dead. Far
from it; I may live forever. Keep your
eyes open at all times and watch person-
alities. I will try to lead them your way.
Only be prepared when the time comes.
You were right about the doctor. He was
a vampire. I found out when it was too
late. If you watch and work hard enough,
I will have a chance to die even yet.”

  He stopped beside the bed and looked
at me longingly, his eyes filled with a
yearning that was piteous. My mind was
in a whirl, and my heart was beating like
a trip-hammer; but in the midst of it all I
had presence enough to analyze his fea-
tures. The eyes were the same; the hair,
the jaw, and the peculiar expression of
the mouth were all his; beyond a doubt it
was Robinson.

  I remember the wild joy that surged
through me at the certainty. I reached up
to grasp him, but he drew back.

  “Don’t, Hen! Don’t! Not now!”

  He drew back; for, not to be denied, I
had sprung out of the bed and was pursu-
ing him with outstretched hands.

  “Stop!”

  But I would not. Instead, I followed him
across the room with my hands reaching
out for him.

  “Well, then, if you must have it! Good-
by!”

  There was a good deal of the defiant in
the words, and yet a world of misery. And
with that he disappeared, vanished through
ALMOST IMMORTAL

99

the solid wall as though it were the open

air.

CHAPTER VIII

pandora’s box

OF COLTRSE, we dressed and began a
most thorough examination. The
doors were locked, the windows fastened,
and everything was found in its accus-
tomed place. We could get no satisfac-
tion; there was no solution but one; and
as I was no believer in ghosts or their
workings, I was loath to accept it.

  Still, what other solution could we give?
It was either that, or we had, both of us,
been the victims of a huge hallucination,
and we were, both of us, too much awake,
and had altogether too much pride and con-
fidence in our own intelligence to admit
that we could drift off into a state so bor-
dering on the insane as that. How, then,
were we to account for it? I admit I tossed
up my hands. It was too much for me.

  If Rob was not dead, and he said he
wasn’t, how had he gained entrance to
our room? Surely none but a fan tom could
have done that, and no one mortal could
have vanished in such a complete and
marvelous manner. Furthermore, if alive,
what reason had he for keeping himself
hidden, especially from his best friend,
myself, whose help he needed, and from
whom he had just now sought assistance?

  I could see none. But one thing I did
do. I cursed the impatient haste and un-
reason with which I had just acted. Had
it not been for my own foolishness and
lack of tact, we might have had a few
good practical clues on which to work. Rob
must have had something to impart, or
he would never have paid us this visit, and
so I reasoned with Brooks.

  “Pshaw!” said my friend. “The man was
murdered. That’s plain as day. WTho did
it is the goal. The case has just begun,
but I’m going to solve it, believe me. Mean-
time, I’m going back to bed.”

  Going to bed and going to sleep were two
different things; so we spent the rest of the
night in argument and in the consuming

of innumerable cigars. And when the morn-
ing broke and the gray light of dawn
streamed through the windows, it found
two men with two different views. I for
the living, and he for the dead.

  Which of us was right you shall see for
yourself.

I WAS engaged on the Huxly case, with
which you and everybody else who
reads the papers must be familiar. As I
have said, I had risen not a little in my
profession; my practice was large, my
reputation established, and, best of all,
I had the name of getting most anything
I went after.

  At the same time, I was on a dead level
with myself, and knew my limitations, even
though I did not let others into the secret.

  The Huxley case, you will remember,
was one of those paradises for attorneys,
a sea of legal entanglements wherein they
could swim about to their hearts’ content,
breathing law, living law, sleeping law,
with no way out, no exit, no escape.

  I was working night and day. It was
the climax of my legal career. If I won
I was made, and I was going to win.

  One day, while deep in the Huxly case,
I had ordered my lunch and was looking
over a local paper; there was not much
in it, so I was running over the market re-
ports. I don’t know how to account for
it, but I have always said that the great
and important changes of life are prone
to come upon us suddenly and unex-
pectedly.

  And although I have always made it
a habit to watch the turning up of things,
as it were, it has ever been my fortune to
be caught like a drowsy sentinel, asleep at
the post. How little was I aware at this
moment. Everything was in the routine.
The world was running smoothly; so much
so, in fact, that I had to satisfy my crav-
ing for excitement with market reports.

  It may have been the print, or it may
have been anything. I’m sure I don’t know
exactly. But, anyway, when I was half
through the page my eyes failed me and
the whole thing blurred.
100

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  “Merely a case of nerves,” you say.
Perhaps so. That’s what I thought. I
closed my eyes and pressed my fingers
against the eyballs. The pressure brought
relief for an instant, and I began rubbing
them. A flickering and flashing of lights
clamored with myriad tattoo across my
brain, and my head swam. I opened my
eyes again and reached for a glass of water.
The paper was still in my hand; but it
was an inky black, the light of absolute
nothingness, and clean across it, in plain
white letters, was the word:

ROBINSON

  “Premonition,” you say. Perhaps it was.
Anyway, it startled me. The moment those
letters were indelible in my mind, the room
cleared and my vision returned. Half
startled, I looked about me.

  Everything was as before; if anything
had happened, nobody had noticed it. It
was the same prosaic, hungry crowd, and
there was the usual sound of eating, of
dishes and spoons, and the quiet, soft step,
step, step of flitting waiters.

  Nevertheless, I was a perfect tingle of
excitement; my hands shook and my heart
seemed to swell up within me, to fill my
throat and choke me with anticipation.
Something was surely going to happen.
Carefully I studied everybody in the room.
Then I turned clear about and looked at
the door. There it was.

  It was Rob!

  He was standing just inside of the door,
his soft hat slouched over his eye and his
empty pipe in his hand. I could see the
cashier speaking to him, but he shook his
head. Evidently he was looking for some-
one. I had half risen from my seat when
our eyes met; he smiled and came quickly
down the aisle. How I watched him!

  “Rob, Rob, Rob,” I said to myself,
keeping time with his step as he came
toward me. Then hesitation. The resem-
blance began to glimmer and fade away.
The nearer he approached the less he
looked like Rob. Could it really be he?
How my wild hope rose and fell! When

he was quite up to me I saw I was mis-
taken, and that he was an absolute
stranger.

  “Pardon me,” he said, “but were you
expecting me? If you don’t mind, I will
sit opposite you. You seemed to know me.”
Know him! On closer view he seemed
strangely familiar, very much like another;
there was a difference and a resemblance
which, added together, was indeed a puz-
zle.

  “Your face,” said I, “reminded me
strangely. I took you for some one—a
very old friend. And yet it could not be
I see I am wrong.”

 “Why?”

  He looked up from the table with a
strange, querulous smile.

  “Why couldn’t it be? Who is this per-
son?”

  A thought struck me.

  “Your name is not Robinson?”

  He sobered down in an instant, and be-
gan arranging his knife and fork beside
his plate.

  “No,” he said, eying his dish; “just
Jones. Ebenezer Jones. Fine name that!
But suppose my name were Robinson?
What would it signify?”

  “What would it signify?” I repeated.
“Just this. If your name were Robinson
and you were the real person, whom you
greatly resemble, there would be a mystery
solved.”

  “Ha!”

  My companion dropped his fork and
looked up.

  “What’s this?” he asked. “A mystery—
a real, genuine, live mystery! Have you
one, sure enough? Let’s have it. That’s my
line exactly. It's food and drink to me.”
He waited; and before I knew it I was
telling him what you already know. I don’t
know why I should have told it there in
the restaurant; but from the first he seemed
to have a power over me, and through
it all I had that fluttering sensation and
my heart kept beating “something will
happen, something will happen.”
“Splendid!” he exclaimed when I was
through. “And have you this picture of
ALMOST IMMORTAL

101

the doctor and a picture of Robinson?”

  “In my office. Yes.”

  “May I see them?”

  “Certainly.”

  “Well, I would be much obliged to you.
This interests me deeply. We shall go up
after we eat.”

  In another half hour we were examin-
ing the photos.

  “So this is Robinson, and this is Dr.
Runson? Eh? Might have been twins but
for thirty years or so. Eh! Well, I tell you,
Mr. Hendricks, you needn’t worry. In less
than six months you will know all about
it. No? You don’t believe it? Well, well!
Wait and see. I have a strange power,
and what I say generally comes true. Even
if my name is just plain Ebenezer Jones.
Now, Mr. Hendricks, I have a proposi-
tion to make. How would you like a busi-
ness associate?”

  He staggered me.

  “Well, an assistant if you will. Call me
anything you like. I will name my ow*n
terms. Salary, nothing, and as much work
as you can get out of me.”

  I was taken back.

  “Know anything about the law?”

  He laughed and his eyes fairly danced
with amusement. The chief justice could
not have been more amused at the ques-
tion.

  “Just give me a trial is all I ask. I
want to stay in this office until this mys-
tery is solved; and while I’m here I want
something to do. You’ll find it to your
advantage. I know something about law
and then some. Even though my name may
be just plain Ebenezer Jones.”

WrELL, to make the matter short, I
took him in.

  It was a rather sudden and strange
thing to do on such a short acquaintance.
I was a little surprised at myself at first,
but soon found that I had made no mis-
take. Indeed, before many days I was shak-
ing hands with myself.

  Ebenezer settled into my office with an
ease and a confidence that could only come
from ability and energy; and he tore into

cases with a vim that was irresistible. 1
had asked him whether he knew anything
about the law. I was soon laughing at my-
self.

  Was there anything about the law that
he didn’t know! That fellow was a veri-
table encyclopedia. He seemed to have it
all in his head. He became the brains of
the office. I might well enough have burned
my books. I began asking questions, and
soon quit referring to my library. I found
it was useless; all I got was a verification
of his statements.

  Naturally I prospered. We won the
Huxly case hands down, although I knew
it was Ebenezer’s brain and not mine that
did it.

  Still, I got the credit, so I had no kick
coming. Other cases came our way. We won
them all. It was so easy that it was amaz-
ing. I congratulated both myself and him.

  “Fudge,” he said. “It’s nothing. There’s
nothing to the law but the knowing.”

  And I guess he was right. Anyway I was
in high spirits. My reputation was bound-
ing up. I became a boy again. Success
breeds dreams; I could see great pictures
ahead, if I could keep this genius at work;
I would be chief justice!

  The mystery?

  It had grown so old that I was beginning
to despair of it. I had, to be sure, a rest-
less feeling, a sort of nervous certainty
that it would be cleared up some day; but
I had become so used to waiting that it
had become a sort of habit; I was helpless
and could do nothing, and there was only
hope. Of one thing I was certain—Robin-
son would show up some day, somehow; a
sort of subconscious wisdom seemed to
tell me that.

  W’as it the mystery that held Ebenezer?
It must have been; though what he was
going to gain by sitting in my office, or
how he was going to solve it by doing
nothing, I could not make out. There was
only one clue, and that was his resem-
blance to Rob. When I questioned him
about it he always laughed.

  “If I were Rob, I think you would know
it, Hendricks. No, no, boy, you’re on the
102

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

wrong track.” Then, after a while, after a
good many minutes of silence and think-
ing: “You’ll have to wait, old boy. Only, I
tell you, things may happen, and when
they do, keep your wits about you.”

  But nothing happened in spite of his
words.

  Days wore into weeks and weeks into
months, and we dug into the laws. Eben-
ezer was at it early and late; and I did my
best to keep up with him. I offered him a
partnership, but he refused it. When I
tried to have a moneyed understanding
he laughed at me.

  “I have so much of that stuff that it
nauseates me. I prefer to work for nothing
and see what turns up.”

  He had no bad habits that I could no-
tice, and I watched him closely. He always
brought a bottle of port wine with him and
drank it all during the day; that is, what
I did not help him with. Also he smoked
occasionally; only it was an old, seedy
pipe, such as you would expect an Eben-
ezer Jones to smoke.

  There was only one thing in his habits
or possessions that could arouse my curi-
osity; that was a small case which he
always carried with him; it was not more
than three inches square and could be con-
veniently carried in his pocket. The first
thing he did on entering the office was to
lock this in his desk. And when he left at
night it went w'ith him without fail. Once
he opened it quite accidentally, and I no-
ticed with surprise that it contained two
small bottles, both of them full of a liquid,
and that the color was of port wine.

  They say it was Pandora who opened the
box. Of a certainty that mythical young
lady was an ancestor of mine. T can under-
stand her feelings exactly; they must have
been tantalizing. Something told me I must
open that box. Of course I revolted against
the feeling; I fought it fiercely; all the
ethics of my nature and training warned
me and pleaded with me.

  It was no use. There was still that feel-
ing, perverse and ever there. My fingers
itched, and my heart yearned for that case.

  Why I should have had it I could not

tell; it was a freak of my own nature or
the hand of Fate. My lower self seemed
bound to triumph in this one case, al-
though my manhood and integrity kept
saying: “No, no; thou shall not.

  “After all, what did it amount to?” I
would repeat. “Merely a case and two bot-
tles. Examine them and return them; no
one will be harmed, and you will be satis-
fied.”	*

  Well, it went on that way for a good
many days, and all the time I felt myself
growing weaker. It was a trivial thing in
itself; but the fight I put up against it
made it, with me, a matter of some magni-
tude.

  At length I came to it. I resolved to ex-
amine the case and in this way relieve my-
self of this everlasting torment. It was a
simple thing in itself, and were it not for
its strange aftermath I would soon have
forgotten it.

CHAPTER IX

TWO drops!

EBENEZER had stepped out of the
office for a few minutes, leaving his
desk unlocked. It was quickly done. I
stepped over to his desk, drew out the
drawer, and took therefrom the little case
of mystery.

  A slight pressure and the thing flew
open, disclosing the two small bottles I
knew it to contain. I remember wondering
why the two bottles instead of one inas-
much as they contained the same liquid.
But did they?

  Perhaps they only looked alike. To satis-
fy myself I picked up one of the bottles,
opened it, and smelled. It had absolutely
no odor, and of course I dared not taste it.
It was full to the overflowing, and as my
hand trembled somewhat, a drop fell on
the wine-glass that was resting on the desk.
I replaced the cork and was about to open
the other bottle when footsteps in the
hall—Ebenezer’s feet—put a speedy end
to my investigation.

  In a minute I had closed the case and
resumed the seat at my own desk.
ALMOST IMMORTAL

103

  “Hello,” said Ebenezer.

  He placed his hat upon the desk and,
taking the wine-glass, poured himself a
large drink. Then in horror I recalled the
spilled drop.

  “Horrors! What is—”

  No use for more; it was done.

  At first he stood stark still, his hand
raising wonderingly to his head and his
eyes questioning; then his frame shook and
his color began to change, first to a yellow,
then to a dark green. He was the most
uncanny thing I ever looked at, a being
dropped from another planet.

  “Mercy!” he exclaimed. “It is done!”

  Then with a furious haste he tore open
the desk and seized the case and vanished
into the dressing-room. I could hear the
lock crash as he turned the key. Then he
fell; but he must have risen immediately,
for I could hear someone walking. Then a
voice—no, a cry, and how it rang!

  “In the name of Heaven, Hendricks,
open the door! It is I—Rob! Oh, before
it is too late! Hurry, hurry, break it
down!”

  With a cry of fury I flung myself at the
door. It held.

  “Hurry, hurry!” came the despairing
call from the other side. Then another
voice cut in:

  “Shut up and come here; I’m master
yet.”

  Something fell, and then there was the
tramping of many feet. A struggle seemed
to be going on, and above it all the voice
of men—not two nor three, but of a multi-
tude. In the midst of my frantic haste I
could hear it. Awful, excited, despairing,
the incoherent shoutings of all nationali-
ties. German, Greek, French, Italian. And
above it all the voice of a master.

  “This way; this way! There now; there
now!”

  In a perfect frenzy of haste I seized an
implement and splintered the door and,
as it fell back, sprang into the room.

  It was empty.

  No, not quite.

  Ebenezer Jones was standing at the win-
dow watching the street below.

  “Why,” he smiled, “you must be in a

hurry, Mr. Hendricks. Do you always enter
a room in this manner?”

  Shamefaced and abashed I stood there,
puzzled, a fool shown up in the height of
his folly. I was about to become a hero; I
came crashing through the door ready to
grapple with a multitude, and instead I
was laughed at. Humbly I drew my hand-
kerchief and mopped my face.

  “Excuse me, Mr. Jones,” I ventured;
“but I—I surely heard strange noises in
this room.”

  “Strange what?”

  “Noises.”

  “Tut, tut, Hendricks.” He came over to
me and laid his great brawny paw on my
shoulder. “W'hat noises did you hear?”
“Why,” I said, “I heard, or thought I
heard, my dear old friend Robinson. He
was calling to me right in this room, beg-
ging me to open the door. And there were

others—lots of them. You had the door

                                                t

locked, so I smashed it down.”

  “I see you did,” picking it up and plac-
ing it against the wall. “But you didn’t
find Rob, did you? Nor the others? Just
plain old Ebenezer Jones!” He laughed and
slapped me on the back. “Just plain old
Ebenezer Jones. WThat do you know about
that? Isn’t it awful?” And he went off into
a peal of laughter, and laughed and
laughed and laughed. “Hendricks,” he said,
“you should have seen yourself come
through that door. Oh, how funny it was.
You should have been a soldier; you’d be
a general!”

  And that is how it ended; humiliated,
shamed, and doubting, laughed at and half
laughing at myself, I returned to work.
But I had a feeling that after all I was
right, and not such a big fool as Ebenezer
Jones would have me believe. And the
feeling grew. It was not long before it be-
came a conviction, and conviction brought
action.

  I began to see the light.

EBENEZER went to work as though
nothing had happened. So did I. But
now, after the peculiar experience through
which I had gone, I began to take a new
interest in my strange companion. For
104

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

hours I watched him wondering and figur-
ing. From now on he was an enigma, and
open question-mark.

  I had taken him at first for a queer char-
acter, one of those strange personages of
whom we have so many in our midst, who
for a mere whim or for love of any kind
of adventure will adapt themselves to any
place or person in order to watch the
course of events and be in on the denoue-
ment. That he had more than a curious
interest in the disappearance of Rob I had
not dreamed hitherto. I had taken him for
what he looked, and now I felt myself
deceived.

  Once on a train of new thoughts I
worked fast. Why his resemblance to Rob?
W'hence this almost uncanny knowledge of
the law, this almost unhuman legal mind,
which knew everything, and which cared
so little for its rewards? Why his total dis-
like for money, society, and honor? Why,
too—and I reasoned it over many, many
times—the two small bottles?

  And why — yes — the one bottle — one
drop, the sudden effect, the noises, the mul-
titude, and Rob?

  It was not a nice feeling, to be sure;
but just the same, far from being ashamed
of what I had done, 1 was resolved on
playing the same trick over again on the
first opportunity.

  From now on I watched and waited
eagerly for the little packet of mystery.
Once he took it from his pocket and was
about to lay it on his desk when something
diverted him, and he gave it a steady,
studious look, something akin to wonder-
ment, it seemed to me, and with a sudden
strange motion snapped it back into his
pocket.

  Then he looked over at me. It was a
strange look, something I could not under-
stand; there was something of power and
yet of a strange, terrible weakness.

  Could it be that this man was a fiend?
Ah, no! The answer came back with the
same thought. Surely not.

  Yet all through that day and several
more that followed there was a strange
feeling between us, and at times I could

feel his eyes upon me, a most uncomfort-
able thing. I had the impression of being
feared and watched by a wonderful, su-
perior power; I don't know that there is
anything more uncanny than that. With a
weaker will you at least know that you are
the master; but when a stronger begins to
fear, the resultant fear that it engenders in
you is so haunting and depressing that it
becomes horrible.

  Not that he was not the same Ebenezer.
He was that, and he wasn’t. The outward
appearance and actions were the same; it
was the psychological that changed. There
was a shiftiness, a changing; the eye spoke
a lie, and the personality seemed to be
fluttering. I don’t know of anything that
could have moved me more or set me to
thinking harder. There was fear, appeal,
and terror in those eyes. I felt that I was
being called on and that action was needed.

  “Hallucination,” say you?

  So it seemed to me; but it was so real,
so earnest, and I was so certain of it that
nothing would have diverted me. What
would I do, and how would I do it? There
was that in those eyes which told me I
could do something. I was convinced that
the scene in the dressing-room was a real-
ity, not a fantom of my own mind.

  There were, there must have been many
people in that room. It was Ebenezer’s
secret, and it should be mine. Show a man
that which he can’t have; and that he
shall have. There was but one way—the
bottles. I would try them again.

  As I said, to all outward appearances
Ebenezer was the same. He had the abil-
ity, the jovialness, the personality. It was
only in the shifting individuality of the
eyes with their appeal, their fear, and the
resultant effects that he was at all different
from the first Ebenezer that had entered
my office.

  His manners were the same, his talk and
his application; he still drank his bottle of
port, and he still went out for walks. Each
morning he deposited the little case inside
his desk, and every time as regularly as
he went out, it went with him.

  How I did watch that case! How I did
ALMOST IMMORTAL

105

want to lay my hands on it! But there was
no use; I could not take it away from him;
I must work in secret.

  One morning, a very momentous one to
me, Ebenezer was late. He had a right, to
be sure; for who has not when he works
for nothing? However, he had always been
so prompt before that I noticed with sur-
prise this one slip of punctuality; and I
was more surprised, nay, almost alarmed,
when he jarred open the door.

  There was an appearance of one who had
been out all night; his eyes were blood-
shot and his hair had a sort of stand-up-
and-refuse-to-lie-down look, although it
had been well flattened with the brush. In
one hand he carried a bottle of port; in
the other I noted with surprise the case.

  Without noticing me—wre were always
very cordial with our greetings—he walked
up to his desk more like a soldier than
anything and deposited thereon the bottle
and the case.

  “There, now,” he said, and without
another word turned on his heel and
marched out of the room.

  A few moments later I saw him entering
a building on the other side of the street.
There was an act of finality about it that
startled me; a sort of defiance that un-
nerved me.

  Was it a challenge? Anyway, there was
the case.

WTTH a feverishness that was a mix-
ture of fear, hope, and eagerness I
pressed open the cover. There they were,
the two of them. Small, small receptacles
of mystery: What did they not contain?

  My hand trembled and my mind blur-
red. Here was one of the mysteries of the
world; a secret of many things.

  And I—I must see, must hear, and must
know. I held them up and examined them.

  “Ah,” I muttered, as by inspiration, “the
dose and the antidote. Ebenezer, this is
your Waterloo. See.” I almost laughed
with glee. “One drop raised hell. Two drops
will raise more hell.” I poured two drops
in his glass. “So. And now, old boy, I’ll
say checkmate.”

  With this I took out the other bottle
and placed it in my pocket. Then I re-
placed the first bottle and put the case
where I had found it. When all was ready
I returned to my desk and took up my
work.

  What a difference there was. On the
former occasion I was all excitement and
guilt; I felt I had committed a crime and
was ashamed of myself. I had lost all
honor and self-respect. And now, although
excited, I had a feeling of triumph, of cer-
tainty, of right. I was dead sure. I was the
instrument of Providence. And I remem-
bered Ebenezer’s own words.

  “Things may happen; and when they
do, keep your wits about you.”

  Well, I had them about me, now. Also,
I had a hammer to batter down the door
if necessary.

  After what seemed an age, Ebenezer re-
turned.

  “Wrell,” he said, “how’s things?”

  “Fine,” I answered.

  “That’s good. Same here. Was out late
last night; first time for a long while.”

  “Theater?” I asked.

  “Oh, no. Just going around. Made me
sleep late, though. Actually, I thought
this morning I could sleep for a hundred
years. Have some?” He produced his bot-
tle and poured himself a good drink.

  “Not this morning.”

  I was hoping he would not insist.

  “Well, here goes.”

  He held it up, eyed it for a moment,
and then drank it at a gulp.

  “So,” I said, and raised from my seat.
“So!”

  It was just as I expected. He turned
sickly and was powerless. The two drops
had done the business His eyes were—
Heavens, what eyes they were! The most
unholy thing I had ever gazed into—
cavernous, burning—defiant; the eyes of a
lost soul at the bar of judgment. He
raised his hands to the sides of his head.

  “At last!” he said. “At last!”

  And, oh, the finality of those four words;
the despair!

  Then, with furious haste, he tore open
106

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

his desk. Like a fleeting thing his hand
went around the drawers. It was not there!

  “Good Heavens!” he murmured, draw-
ing back. “This is murder!”

  And in a flash of thought he was in the
dressing-room.

CHAPTER X

AZEV AVECJ

ENDRICKS!”

The cry came out. Rob’s voice!
Something fell.

  A terrific struggle was going on; all hell
seemed to be breaking loose. I made for
the door with the speed of fury. It seemed
an age. From inside came the old voice,
the master s voice, and it said:

  “111 kill you!”

  And, oh, the struggle! There were blows
and hate, and above all the screaming
staccato of many tongues. Hatred, despair,
revenge.

  Bang!

  I let the door have it right in the cen-
ter. It shivered and caved, the middle part
demolished. Bang! I struck at the hinges.
With a crash it fell to the floor, and over
it I sprang into the room.

  As I live I shall never see it again! The
room was full of humanity. Naked and
struggling they were rolled into an inex-
tricable mass. There was hissing and
gnashing of teeth. And in the center in the
midst of it all was a horrible thing. It
was battling the multitude. Such a strug-
gle I had never seen before. It heaved,
fought, shoved, and struck, and still they
came on. If it were not master it was giv-
ing a good account of itself.

  Suddenly, by a gigantic effort, it raised
itself up, flung back its assailants like so
many flies, and made straight for me. Two
eyes—a monstrous thing.

  “You!” it hissed.

  With a cry of horror I backed against
the wall. Its hand touched me and I felt
my body grow cold as ice.

  “Not yet!”

  A form flashed between us and a hand
grasped its throat. It was Robinson.

  “Back, Hen! Back! As you value your
life, back!”

  Then he sailed into it. Their forms
buckled together, heaved and tossed into
the air. They passed in and out of each
other like mist. The others came to help,
but their actions were slow and aged.

  Such a struggle I shall never see again.
I can see myself yet, crouched against the
wall watching that battle of fan toms. I
was too bewildered to be afraid, too horri-
fied to analyze. Like a dream I was pas-
sive, unable even to think.

  Suddenly there was a heaving and toss-
ing, and the form of Rob shot into the air.
He and the thing were locked together.
When they came down Rob was on top.
The battle was over. The thing lay still,
Rob backed away.

  “Behold the end of Azev Avec.”

  It shuddered and rolled over and lifted
up its head. I saw it was akin to a man,
only black and terribly aged. It seemed to
be shriveling. From its ghastly mouth came
a sound.

  “Robinson,” it said.

Rob stepped closer and then knelt down.
“What is it, Azev?” And his face grew
kind and pitiful. One could see that if he
had any resentment it was buried in pity
for what had to be done.

  “Goodby, Robinson. You win. You were
too strong. All’s yours now. I should have
picked someone with a weaker will. It
was a great fight. No resentment, no hard
feeling. Live ten thousand years! Almost
immortal! ”

  All the time his form was shriveling and
his voice growing fainter.

  “There now,” said Rob, drawing away.
“Doreen, come on.”

  From out of the mass of shadows step-
ped a form.

  “Now then, Hen, open the door and into
your office. There, now.”

  We were alone. The three of us.

  “Now, take that other bottle, pour two
drops for me in port wine. There, now.
Give it to me.”

  I held it to his lips and he drank it at a
gulp. The effect was immediate and as-
ALMOST IMMORTAL

107

tonishing. His appearance lost its fantom
shadowness, and he became real and hu-
man, a man of flesh and blood.

  1 almost danced with joy. I seized him
by the hand and fairly blubbered with my
happiness.

  “And now give me the bottle.”

  He took it from me, and with a steady
nand prepared a dose for his shadow
friend.

  “Behold us,” said Rob, standing by the
side of Doreen. ‘‘The two mysteries. The
two solutions. Now let’s look at the
others.”

  He stepped to the dressing-room door
and beckoned me. The room was empty.

  “Where are they?” I asked.

  ‘They were dead long ago,” he an-
swered. “Their minds and souls were alive.
They were imprisoned and feeding on the
body of Doreen and myself. Come into the
office and I will tell you all.

THERE, now,” he said, when he had
rested himself, “I will make it as
short as I can, as Doreen and I both want
clothes, and we both want to go out into
the freedom of the street. Do you remem-
ber what you said about the doctor? You
were right. He was a vampire. For ten
thousand years he had been feeding on

human flesh. His real name was Azev
Avec. Dr. Runson was merely a com-
posite—so was Ebenezer Jones.

  “About ten thousand years ago, some-
where south of the Himalayas, Azev was
born, the son of a high priest and an In-
dian princess his wife. His father was a
man deeply immersed in magic or mys-
ticism, or whatever you choose to call it,
and held, in addition an almost uncanny
knowledge of the natural laws. Among
other things, he acquired a knowledge of
solids; he early discovered, what we all
know now, that no solid is really what the
name implies; but a mass of infinitesimal
particles held together in a single mass by
two forces of nature, cohesion and ad-
hesion.

  “Knowledge like this was to a man of
his nature and profession only an incentive
for tremendous endeavor. The remainder
of his life was spent with one object—the
control of the particles of a solid, or to be
precise, some means by which man might
control and manipulate the forces of co-
hesion. He himself did not succeed; but
on his death passed his work and knowl-
edge on to his son Azev.

  “Now, Azev added to his father’s knowl-
edge, a poetic foresight. He saw that,
with this power, simply by increasing the

MR. WRIGHT: Gee,
this stuff is awful I
Why do all laxatives
taste so bad?

MRS. WRIGHT: All

of them don’t. Ex-
Lax tastes like de-
licious chocolate.

MR. W.: Ex-Lax? MRS. W.: No. you

Tliat’s O.K. for you	don't I Ex-Lax Is just
and Junior, hut! need as effectivo as any

something stronger!	bad-tasting cathartic.

MR. W.: I sure am
glad I took your ad-
rlce. It's Ex-Lax for
me from now on.

MRS. W.: Yes. with
Ex-Lax in the house
we don't need any
other laxative I

The action of Ex-Lax is thorough,
yet gentle! No shock. No strain.
No weakening after-effects
Just an easy, comfortable
bowel movement that
brings blessed relief.

Try Ex-Lax the next
time you need a lax-
ative. It's good for
every member of
the family.

10* and 25<
108

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

space between the particles, a solid would
become a mist and that one could pass
through fire, stone, or water without dan-
ger and with the same ease with which
one swarm of gnats passes through another.

  “He worked hard, and he succeeded;
but when success came he found that he
was an old man, and that life had passed
without his enjoying any of its pleasures.
The thought terrified him; he hated to die
without at least one great splurge of plea-
sure. But to enjoy pleasure he must have
youth, and that had passed long, long be-
fore. Then the devil spoke:

  “If you have no youth, you can get it.
Steal it. Of what use is all this learning
and knowledge if you are going to die?”

  “The idea appealed, and Azev looked
around him. He selected a young man
about twenty years of age, beautiful,
strong and athletic, and invited him to
supper. At a favorable moment he passed
him the draft, and while his body was in
the misty state entered and took posses-
sion. After taking the antidote their bodies
became one.

  “There were two minds; but Azev’s was
so much the stronger that the other soon
became a negligible thing, a mere occa-
sional whim. Thus was Faust antedated
by about nine thousand eight hundred
years. Azev found himself a young man
again, thirty years of age, strong and
healthy.

  “A career of dissipation followed. In a
few years the body was soft and flabby,
so he stole another, and so on. When he
was in danger of death he merely took on
another form. It worked like a charm.

Sometimes he went in for dissipation,
sometimes for learning, sometimes for
wealth. He became probably the richest
and most learned man on earth.

  “He hobnobbed with kings and emper-
ors. Alexander the Great sent for him on
his death bed; and had he arrived in time
the great Macedonian would never have
died at thirty-three. Caesar was his friend:
Virgil his confidant. He witnessed the birth
of Christianity. He chummed with Nero,
and by the lurid light of burning Chris-
tians saw the religion of Europe spring
into its youth.

  “Down through the ages he went, always
enjoying himself, and always in someone
else’s body: He was the Merlin of King
Arthur. He was the body servant of Bar-
barossa, and he alone of all the earth
knew the sleeping-place of him of the long
red beard.

  “He stood a fair chance of living for-
ever. There were but two chances against
him, fatal accidents and the absorption of
a will stronger than his owrn. So long as
his will was the strongest he ruled the
body. Allen Doreen was nearly his equal;
I was slightly his superior. It took me
five years of terrific struggle to gain any
advantage at all. Then I warned you.

  “Another struggle and I associated with
you, placed opportunities in your way,
tempted you deliberately with the bottles,
and you fell.

  ‘‘Here I am. I am Robinson again; but
I am much more.

  “AH of Azev Avec’s wealth is mine, like-
wise his learning and wisdom.

  “Now get us some clothes.”

1)
Fruit of the Forbidden Tree

             By LESLIE BURTON BLADES

    Into the infinite they hurled their brains, to solve the ultimate mystery

I READ the scrawled note attached to
a bulky manuscript that I had just
received, with a sudden sen$e of
disaster, vague and terrifying, for I knew
these men well and I could not but accept
the half-mad note as reality.

    Carry has gone out, vanished utterly, and
  in a moment’s time. I am alone in the lab-
  oratory among all the psychological appa-
  ratus with which we have experimented so
  long.

    Would to Heaven we had never attempted
  this last mad project. But it is too late to
  regret, for he is gone. In the room a vibrant,
  unseen force, like an unbodied will, is
  forcing me to complete what I began.

    When you receive this it will probably
  be over, but 1 want you to come to the
  laboratory, do what must be done, and
  give this report to the world. It is our last

 great contribution to science, and both Carry
 and myself desire it to be published.

As ever,

                            Davis.

Something had happened at the labora-
tory of my two friends, the great experi-
mental psychologists, which had resulted
in tragedy.

 Hastily collecting the report, I called
 my car and drove at once to the laboratory
 as Davis had requested.

 Save for the vast collection of experi-
 mental appliances for testing brain force,
 the books on the mind, a few disordered
 papers and its usual furniture, the place
 was empty.

 I submit the report mailed me, without
 explanation. Nothing I can say will be

Copyrighted, 1919, by The Frank A. Muneey Co.

109
110

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

of value and the document must speak for
itself. What it declares is true. I knew
both men and I have seen the laboratory
where they ended their work. For the
rest, psychologists must attempt explana-
tions which a mere novice like myself
could only clumsily propose. It follows:

REPORT OF EXPERIMENTS
IN ANALYSIS OF THE
COMPOSITION OF
THE HUMAN SOUL
Experimental Psychologists,

Davis and Carry
A. and S. Laboratory, February 3, 1939

  The laboratory was heavy with cigar
smoke and the big incandescent in the
center of the table flared through the
gloom, lighting Carry’s face oddly as he
sat opposite me.

  “Davis,” he said slowly through his
veil of smoke, “we have succeeded in
telepathy, we are skilled in hypnosis, and
we have demonstrated the ability of con-
sciousness to turn into itself and observe
its own inner workings. Why not go on
to an analysis of the human soul? We
might discover its composition—the soul
stuff”

  I stared at him in amazement for I knew
that his entire scientific career had been
that of a materialistic psychologist who
denied soul, asserting that the mind was
a mere cooperation of living nerve and
muscle cells.

  “Of course you are surprised,” he re-
marked casually for I had allowed him
to read my thought telepathically. “I don’t
believe in the soul any more today than
I ever did, but I am a scientist and there-
fore willing to assume its existence till
we can test it.”

  “We can never do that,” I asserted posi-
tively. I was always opposed to Carry’s
wild hypotheses. “That is the mystery
which science cannot explain.”

  He smoked in silence for a moment, then
I was allowed to see his mind. We rarely
talked aloud at such times, preferring to
communicate telepathically as a quicker
and clearer method of understanding.

“You know,” he was thinking, his lips

closed around his cigar, “we have made
larger leaps in our work before. This seems
simple. We can go at it from our separate
points of view. You believe that mind is
an ethereal pure spirit in touch with the
body by some non-material attachment.
I don’t; but we can accept your belief as
a starter. I will go at it my way, you by
yours.”

  “I do not see the method,” I answered
though my voice was silent.

  “I will take the evolutionary view and
go down into the remnant nerves of my
spine and sympathetic system. They are
after all the heritage of man from his beast
ancestry and if I could get my conscious-
ness into them I might discover what this
life energy—soul if you like—really is.”

  “But to get down into them is not pos-
sible.”

  “I think it is. We could do this: You
hypnotize me and direct my mind into
them. 1 will report back telepathically what
I find. I might descend clear into protozoan
life, and if the mystery still operated I
would go back of organic life, to the un-
known—the beginning of life, God—and
report findings through my body which
would still be under your control.”

THE proposal was stupendous with pos-
sibilities. If he succeeded, we would
have discovered the origin and essence of
life itself. With that knowledge man could
mold soul in the future as easily as a pres-
ent day biologist works with organic mat-
ter, bacteria and their activities, or as a
chemist with material elements.

  There was an obvious danger, however.
If Carry got so far from his body he might
be unable to return.

  “I know,” he said aloud, “I might go
under, but it’s worth risking.”

  “I don’t believe that is the direction
one would have to go. If the soul is
analyzed it must be done by going up into
forms of consciousness beyond—above the
human.”

  “That is your part of the experiment,”
he replied. “You can attempt it and one
of us will succeed. Which will it be?”
FRUIT OF THE FORBIDDEN TREE

111

  “Neither,” I said shortly. “The risk is
too great and I won’t attempt it. There is
my wife, you know.”

  He nodded appreciation, for single
though he was, he was not without tender-
ness though one rarely saw it in his cold
manner.

  We dropped the subject there but it kept
recurring over a period of two years; then
my wife died.

  Such a shock as her death was, can only
be appreciated by those who have buried
their life’s love and are left childless to
go on through desolate years.

  For months I suffered in silence and dur-
ing that time Carry’s proposal kept re-
curring more and more vividly. 1 came to
feel that should I succeed I might pene-
trate the spirit world and find her.

  One night I became aware of her pres-
ence in my room. I could almost see her
brown eyes looking at me and I was sure
I heard her voice urging me to attempt
the experiment Carry had proposed. Again
and again that feeling came to me until
at last I told Carry we would make the
experiment he desired. That was a month
ago. Tonight we have undertaken it and
as dawn comes this report will end. With
it our story will be completed and I will
follow Carry.

  Even as I write, here in this silent
laboratory I am driven by mad emotion,
a translated longing which is thrust into
my very soul-center by some terrific force
that makes the air quiver about me.

  Dawn, and will I see it? Yes, but from
what sphere I know not. While strength
lasts I must write, however, for in that
alone is there peace. In this report alone
can either of us live henceforward. May
the world find our work good.

  At eight o’clock we locked the labora-
tory doors, drew the blinds and faced each
other. I shall never forget the expression on
Carry’s face. His piercing eyes seemed al-
ready penetrating the veil that shrouds
the spirit world. Above that bulging fore-
head that always suggested cliff like rugged-
ness of mind, his shock of black hair tipped
with silver looked unusually rumpled. The

firm thin lips upon which a smile so sel-
dom appeared now curved in boyish antici-
pation as though he were in expectation of
some great happiness.

  “Davis,” he said in a tone of eager de-
light, “tonight will go down in history
and be forever memorable as the great time
of scientific discovery.”

  “Yes,” I answered, “and we will go
with it if we live.”

  “What matter if we live or die? Man,
we will be the same to the future. Come
now, are you ready?”

  He crossed to the l£rge divan we had
arranged in one corner, and sat down.
Then, as if moved by a premonition, he
looked around taking in every detail of
the room that had framed his life work.
Something in his eyes stirred me for I
fancied I read a vague but certain knowl-
edge in them that he was seeing it all for
the last time; his books, the charts, our
many instruments, and me.

  “For Heaven’s sake. Carry, don’t look
at me that way!” 1 realized as I spoke that
I was nervous and agitated.

  “Come on, Davis, let’s begin,” his even
voice soothed me and he lay full length
upon the divan.

  “Before I hypnotize you”—I paused be-
side him—“what is it exactly you want me
to do with your mind? I must be sure of
what I am doing.”

  “Direct it into the unused nerve ganglia,
set it to work there reliving the life in
which that nerve was operative. Get its
telepathic report of the experience. Keep it
going down, down—till it passes out of
nerve cells and is in cooperation with mere
living protoplasm; and if need be, send
it back of all life.”

  1 met his unperturbed gaze. “Carry, old
man, I’m afraid,” I faltered brokenly.
“There are things not even science in the
interest of mankind dares touch, and the
source of being—the origin of life, hereto-
fore closed to our vision—is one. God is
jealous of his mysteries.”

  “I am waiting, Davis.”

  Without a word we clasped hands and I
sent him to sleep with the directions driven
112

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

into his sleeping mind like a sharp wedge
of my will. It was as though an invisible
arm of my soul reached into his and held it
fast that it might be drawn back from its
wandering—but alas, the figure is sad.
The sense of security it created is now
a flaming reproach, yet I went on with the
work and shall go on with it still, till I
have found my friend again.

THERE was a moment of tense silence
and my straining mind caught no word
from the soul of that daring explorer. Then
my name flashed before my consciousness.
We had finally established telepathic com-
munication.

  “Davis,” a long pause; then in a swift
short thought, “We can do it! I am deep
in my own spinal cord. Is my face alter-
ing? Look closely and tell me. I must know
at once.”

  “No, why?” I studied his calm features
so reposed.

  “I am occupying what is left in my
nerve organism of the first biped life of
my ancestry. I felt that I must be taking
on his—their squat forehead and pointed
brute nose.”

  I took a pen and began to make notes as
he went on. It might be of some little value
to submit a few of his reporting phrases
verbatim.

  I shall do so, hoping that they may aid
future psychologists.

NOTES

  I have not time left before I follow
Carry, to revise these notes, therefore I
shall merely submit them as taken. Before
his statements in italics I have placed his
initials. All else is comment of my own
upon my feelings as I listened.

  C. I find I can roar like a gorilla. Not
one, but some gigantic beast like it, you
know. No soul as such. Abounding energy.
Ha-ha-ha I Laugh for sheer joy in life.
Life, a great swell of impulses, mainly in-
terpreted as—love of blood, hunger, pas-
sion, fighting.

  As 1 received this I was suddenly
gripped by a terror, for in that thought-
message a new guttural quality of speech-

form had appeared, slightly blurring the
words. I felt in some way chilled as though
I confronted a hairy savage thing that
reached for me with great muscular arms,
eyes bloodshot and merciless.

  C. “That's it.”

  Carry’s own thought answered my feel-
ing.

  C. You’ve got the picture. Good. No
soul, only great strength of muscle flooded
with life. Don’t know what life means as
such. Going on now.

  I waited, pen in hand beside the still
form of my friend. My heart beat regu-
larly. I was taken with tendencies to shiver,
and then out of the silence a terrific roar
burst upon my brain. It was so vivid I
started, thinking it actual sound but
Carry’s lips were closed and no sound had
escaped them. I gripped the pen and
waited. After a moment I got his thought.
It came from what seemed infinite dis-
tance, fainter than usual, and more con-
fused.

  C. Davis—greatest feeling of power.
Big as a house. Must be deep in old life-
forms like Ichthy sauries, you know. Scaly
and brutal, raging all over like a shivering
savage. Blood mad but no soul. Not much
sensitivity. Mere raging life-stirred flesh.

  There was a silence here, then again:

  C. Great heavens, feel as if I could crush
your whole petty civilization under one
hand—no, not hand, flipper, Davis—big
steel-clawed flipper. No soul, though. Brain
mighty small and coarse. Not much spinal
cord but lot of energy. Energy seems to be
the essence of life, not soul. Motion, that’s
it—lust for movement.

  For fifteen minutes I waited spellbound
in that laboratory. When I was almost in
despair and reached to touch Carry’s face
that I might bring him to himself, I fancied
that he called, or rather felt his thought as
it reached me.

  C. Pterodactyl. Flying on wide, feather-
less wings. Immense heights. Teeth that
clash together. Almost no brain and what a
lust for extension of movement I Being it-
self becomes mere elaboration of motion.
Flying, flying!
FRUIT OF THE FORBIDDEN TREE

113

  Of course I was familiar with these forms
of which he spoke for it was necessarily
part of my knowledge to understand the
life history as geology reveals it, but that
in no way reduced the sudden agony that
sent my blood cold.

  I became aware of a slight palpitation
of the air in the laboratory as though un-
seen electric currents moved around me.
A dim sensation of pain attacked my head,
and vague impressions of a ruthless will
opposing mine made me afraid. Was a
stronger will, an unknown mind-force at-
tempting to break my hold on Carry’s
mind far down in the dead past? I gritted
my teeth and sent his name out with all
brain power.

  C. Here, I don’t understand things.
Mere glutinous mass of stuff, no nerves—
life, yes, but vague, groping and not
limited to organism. Mere life force every-
where among great masses of rolling proto-
plasm, water and blazing, burning heat. No
eyes. No individuality—no thought. Not
even instincts.

  For Heaven’s sake, tell me my body is
real, alive and with you!

  The last was a cry of anguish and I
answered but my thought seemed blocked
by that increasing force about me. I was
not sure that he got it. If so, he made no
reply.

  His body was now stiff and cold yet his
heart acted, and his respiration was even,
though shortened.

  I laid a hand on his breast to keep close
watch of his heart, then I became aware
that his flesh was changed—different in
some inexplainable way, and I shouted
aloud to him in terror.

JUST one more of these noted state-
ments it seems advisable to include.
The two or three others I have destroyed.
It came to me after an interminable wait.
All the tense nervous fear of a lost man
had flooded me. I sat oppressed and white,
for that unknown power had swelled in
the room until it crowded me. The lights
went out and yet I could see. There was
no defined light such as we of the modern

world know, yet the room was not dark.

  Every article in it seemed held, crowded
by light whose essence was substance that
could form itself around an object. I was
shrouded in it and found movement diffi-
cult. My chest was heavy, and I gasped.
While invisible, more terrible, was that
gigantic throbbing will that seemed tear-
ing at my own as I sought to hold to that
of my friend much as a fighter seeks to
separate an antagonist’s grip from his
throat.

  C. Davis, unable to think. Lost beyond
matter in the preworld time. Great swirl-
ing vortex of fire-mist, brilliant, light,
awful, and charged with will, savage. Try-
ing to drown me in fire. Can never reach
body again. Going under. Goodby. If my
soulless body still breathes, kill it, Carry.

  As he ceased I was shaken as though
some vicious hand had laid hold of my
shoulder. I started to my feet. A ghastly
pallor was spreading over Carry’s face.
His skin was hard, seamed and scaly.

  I caught up an electric galvanizer and
applied it to his chest. It sputtered,
snapped into silence and was useless.

  In despair I reached for a revolver we
kept in the table drawer, while that domi-
nating force seemed to be throbbing a
rhythmic agony through me.

  “Wait!”

  I turned to meet the open eyes of the
body on the divan. They were not Carry’s
eyes, for no intellect shone in their red
fire depths. Only a rending fear was there
looking out at me with eager hunger for
aid, and his thickened blue lips moved
clumsily as he spoke blotched, uncertain
words without precision, as though an
animal suddenly found tongue.

  “I got back but not for long. Conscious-
ness burned to nothing. Mere cinder of a
soul, but I know what we want to know.
The soul is a spark of Divine God—and
God is, is—”

  He ceased speaking, and his body jerked
spasmodically. Before I could move, it
twisted, writhed, became horrible—while
over the features a series of changes passed
in a flash. I saw them change from human
114

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

to beast features, ugly, misshapen, grim
with hanging lips and great teeth, then
onto the floor rolled what had been a man.
I swear it was the long thick body of a
serpent, red-eyed, terrible, with great rough
scales that gave out a grating noise on
the floor.

  I could not move. That vibrating agony
of power held me as though I were bound.
Before my eyes it danced in a whirl of
gleaming points, violet, red and white.

  Through the glare of them I saw that
serpent, then as I started, a wild laugh,
Carry’s laugh as it might have been had
he gone mad, sounded through the labora-
tory. The thing on the floor grew dim;
its outline grew less distinct, a film of gray
shrouded it, and the whole became vaguely
transparent. It spread, moved, and in a
sudden small cloud was gone.

  I was alone with that force in the room
and a thunder of thought reverberated in
my head:

  In the day that ye eat of the tree of
knowledge ye shall surely die.

  I sank upon a chair and covered my
eyes to shut out those swirling lights. My
face was wet with perspiration.

  I am alone in the laboratory, yet I know
that I am not alone. With me is that
power, and in it I know Carry still lives.
I feel him beside me and he urges me to
go up, up—as we agreed I should into the
higher realms of spirit life.

  I must obey for the force drives me.
Is it a mockery? Am I, too, being deceived
by the imagined spirit of Carry that I may
be destroyed? I cannot tell, yet I must try
the experiment as planned.

  One thing comforts me. I feel my wife
near and I am assured that she will be
waiting. More than that, I am a man of
will. 1 shall arrange things so that if pos-
sible my hand will act unconsciously to my
will and write what I discover though I,
Davis, the soul, am separate from it.

  I fear the terrible end Carry knew. I
cannot, will not become the ghastly thing
I saw last. To avoid it I have tied myself
in this chair before the table. A rope is
securely fastened under my arms and about

the chair. So long as I have arms I cannot
fall.

  Should they vanish I have prepared live
wires from the attachments we have, and
however I fall from this chair I will strike
them.

  At least I shall be burned away before
that awful end overtakes me. I am ready
now and will go by self-hypnosis.

  It is made easy by the presence of Carry
—if it is Carry who helps me. In my hand
is a pen. I hope it writes on as I think.

  I am going now, going, going—going
to sleep.

HERE there was a break in the report
as 1 found it and read it in the
empty laboratory that morning after Davis
had summoned me.

  A large blot spread over the lower part
of the page and below it a few uncertain
lines ran slantwise down the page.

  I could make nothing of them. On the
next page letters appeared again, faint
shaken letters, misshapen and uneven, but
legible. I read on. In giving the report
to the world I have thought best to rewrite
this latter part keeping to Davis’s own
words but copying for the sake of legi-
bility.

  What he wrote seems to me more start-
ling, more strange and possibly more ter-
rible than the discovery made by Carry.

  Certainly it is less encouraging; yet in
it are paragraphs of great hope, bits of
inspired beauty, as though the writer sang
of glorious things, sublime truths and
marvelous places.

  CONTINUATION OF REPORT

I stand beside my own body here
I can see the heavy blot where my
pen fell as I went to sleep. Looking into
my own face is a strange experience and
suggests something to me which I have
always suspected but now feel sure must
be true.

  For years I have entertained the idea
that a man’s appearance is directly related
to his soul. It seems to me clear now, for
FRUIT OF THE FORBIDDEN TREE

115

I am an unbodied spirit and a new power
is mine. I can observe my unfleshed self
as easily and as truly as I see my body
tied in the chair. We resemble each other
only dimly, yet there is something in the
transparent skin, the even features, and
the calm of that face that is due to my
soul and to nothing else.

  The truth becomes more definite as I
recall Carry’s face. I see now that he
looked in the flesh quite as the structure
of his soul compelled, but where is he?
I cannot see him, although I was sure that
I should do so as soon as I was freed
from my material person.

  Another strange fact here deserves com-
ment before I state my exact position
in the realm of the super-conscious. I can
control my body even though I am sepa-
rate from it. The delicate psychic fibers
with which I operate that hand are clear
to me and there is something exalting in
the sense of power; yet I am not happy.
Too much of mystery still shrouds the ac-
tivities of this night. Still pulsing like a
flaming artery through me is that dread
force that lights the laboratory with such
a weird glow.

  Worst of all the thoughts that I see pass
in my own head like shadows of flame is
the sudden realization that I am alone.

  -WTiere is the great world of spirit? I
stand here free, unbodied—yet I am alone
and the four walls of the laboratory hold
me. I must go on and up, for rest is im-
possible while I am without the secret
of space that will enable me to find my
wife and Carry.

  I am moving now, going slowly toward
the farthest wall and I find that those in-
visible soul tendons which manipulate my
writing hand stretch as I move. They will
reach across all the space of the universe,
and I am able to go where I will among
the stars—conscious that my body awaits
me, alive, under my control, and well.

  A great feeling of exhilaration swells
within me, and I pass through the wall
easily. I am master of the fourth dimen-
sion.

  Below me the sleeping city spreads an

infinite pattern of dark squares edged in
long lines of gleaming lights. Above th<
star-filled sky smiles blue and calm. I am
soaring into it.

  Since writing that preceding sentence a
long lapse of time has occurred. To me it
seems eternal, though I know it was but
a few seconds. I am now in a form of con-
sciousness superior to man. Where I am,
I do not know, nor by what means I came,
save that my will aided by that ever burn-
ing vital force has brought me here.

  I hesitate to describe it, fearful lest
the utter incredibility of the truth strikes
whoever reads and causes denial.

  Above all things let me warn against
negations. They are the tragic soul crises
into which one goes to destruction as Carry
went. He denied the soul, and I know now
that he is gone. Wiped out by the great
will—and even his spirit is extinct, a waste
cinder floating somewhere in bottomless
chaos.

  As for myself, I am alive with a joy
that thrills me madly. I shall succeed, and
my gain will reward the world with truth.

  I am a dancing, whirling, conscious
flame, hotter than fire, more brilliant than
light, beautiful beyond words—and I leap
up from nothing to nothing like a great
burning tongue that lives without fuel. Not
even space or time contains me. They lie
below me there in that petty universe
where my unsouled body writes at my com-
mand.

  All the rare colors of the rainbow, sum-
mer sunsets, and the light-refracting dew
are thrown off by my dancing soul of heat,
and gleam around me in an iridescent
sheen.

  Vague harmonies stir in the center of my
columned fire, and I am stirred to infinite
yearnings. Now I am going higher, higher
—and I change again. The raging heat
diminishes, my colors fade. Dear Heaven,
am I going out? Am I to end in nothing,
like a fuelless spark?

  No! I am in a glory of extreme exalted
life. I am the essence of music, singing
great arias of pure melody.

  I know not how to explain my being,
116

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

save to say that I am the very soul of har-
mony, and everywhere about me tumultu-
ous chords in crashing volumes not audible
to the human ear ring vibrant through the
worlds and stir the stars to action. Fine
fabricated melodies weave in and out
among the thundrous bass and I am part
of it—conscious and alive, like the very
inspiration of the universal hymn.

  I must resort to figurative speech, for no
words live that can portray the vital es-
sence of the music that is a spirit.

  I am a moving sound, glittering with
rare beauty, and about me stars of chords
and planets of melody swing through a
sea of motion like dancing agonies of ec-
stasy. This is the bliss of far-extended soul,
and ahead of me I know God waits to re-
veal—Himself. The knowledge comes in
notes like cosmic flute tones and I swirl
on and on. Motion, always motion and en-
ergy, are the very deeps that guide even
as they were with Carry—but how differ-
ent! One thing is sure. All things center
about movement, and all things that are
conscious move. T am motion that expresses
itself in pure umnaterial sound.

  Were I in the compass of the universe
we know, I could say that I had gone mil-
lions upon millions of miles during the time
I described these two states of being, but
I am outside time and space moving toward
God. I am more definitely aware of Him
now, and there is a swift leap of yearning
that changes ever and again to movement.

  Movement grows more and more impor-
tant. It is the essence of all things. I have

left the realm of sound and am movemeDt,
energy—conscious and swirling. I am force
itself.

  A dreadful fear has crept into my mind
as I sweep on. I have ceased to exist as a
form at all and am mere motion tearing
on and on while I swirl in a circle like a
tornado. It is ghastly, for I am not certain
of things now. Try as I may to attain the
ecstasy of a few minutes ago, I fail. De-
spair grows in larger and larger blackness
while I am diminishing. That is tragic, for
I have become a mere vortex ring, a swirl-
ing circle of force that gyrates about a
vacuum. I want to return to the laboratory
where I know my hand still moves at the
dictation of my will, but it may stop soon.

  I feel that giant-will trying to tear me
from my body. It strikes at my will in an
attempt to paralyze me into destruction.
I am mad with motion, and—Heaven help
me, I am nearing that same dread feeling
Carry knew. I am mere fire mist, con-
sciousness, swimming in fire, and a fire that
shivers with savage will, rage, and desire.

  If you could imagine all the energy of
the world, all the yearning of the human
race, all the savagery of life from the be-
ginning become strong, leaping, dancing
sparks of anger-conscious fire, then you
will know what has occurred to me. I swim
in it desperately, and there is no rest—no
salvation. I shall go down in it and be
lost. My body will be there or—I am mad;
it will follow Carry. I see it all now. I,
too, am lost to all!

  Oh, the supreme folly of man! We are

“I TALKED WITH GOD”

   (Yes, I Did — Actually and Literally)

and. ns a result of that little talk with God some
ten years ago, a strange new Power came into my
life. After 43 years of horrible, sickening, dismal
failure, this strange Power brought to me a sense
of overwhelming victory, and I have been overcom-
ing every undesirable condition of ray life ever since.
What a change it was. Now—I have credit at more
than one bank, I own a beautiful home, drive a love-
ly car, own a newspaper and a large office building,
and my wife and family are amply provided for after
I leave for shores unknown. In addition to these ma-
terial benefits, T have a sweet peace in my life. I am
happy as happy can be. No circumstance ever upsets
me. for I have learned how to draw upon the invisi-

ble God-Law. under any and all circumstances.

  You, too, may find and use the same staggering
Power of the God-Law that I use. It can bring to
you, too. whatever things are right and proper for
you to have. Do you believe this? It won't cost much
to find out—just a penny post-card or a letter, ad-
dressed to Dr. Frank B. Robinson, Dept. 7». Mos-
cow, Idaho, will bring you the story of the most
fascinating success of the century. And the same
Power I use Is here for your use, too. I’ll be glad to
tell you about It. All information about this experi-
ence will be sent you free, of course. The address
again—Dr. Frank It. Robinson, Dept. 70, Moscow,
Idaho. Advt. Copyright 1039 Frank It. Robinson.
FRUIT OF THE FORBIDDEN TREE

117

a race of dreaming fools. All the high
imaginative forces we have aspired to mas-
ter are our very mockeries. I thought I
was attaining God, my wife, and the peace
of freed spirit. Instead I am battling ago-
nizingly for life in my body. Imagination
has been the curse of my days. I laughed
at the glory of human life. I aspired to con-
quer soul.

  There was Carry who denied, and I saw
that he was gone as though he had never
been. In my supreme egotism I warned
against negation. I am wiser now, for like
Carry I have crossed the last great rim of
life and am beyond it at the heart of God.

  I am sinking, sinking to death of mind
in this fire, and I pray only that my body
fall upon the electric wires in the labora-
tory soon, that it too may vanish from
the world.

  Agonies are endured in a moment and
still I fight against the accursed savagery
of will that beats me down. Wait!

  I am back in my body staring at the
sheets of written words. I know, remem-
bering Carry, that my eyes are not the
blue orbs of Davis but ghastly fear-driven
flames. Soon I shall go out and the vibrat-
ing agony that beats in this room so wildly
will be avenged.

  Before that time I have one word to
write. Luckily I write instead of talk, for
my words would be blundering and bestial.

  I have been to the heart and I know the
soul is a part of God.

  My arms are growing shorter! Heaven
have mercy—my skin is heavy, coarse and
snakelike!

HERE the report ended in a spreading
black smudge. I studied it closely and
I found the top of three letters dimly vis-
ible above the blot, while the lower part of
two others showed. The letters were: Q,
H3 Z, R, F.

  I need add very little for the purpose
of complete clarity. The laboratory was,
as 1 stated at the beginning, empty when
I arrived, and the door was locked, the
key being on the inside. I burst open the
door.

  These later sheets lay on the table in a
disordered pile, while a pen had fallen to
the floor where I found it beneath the table.

  Not a trace of either man was discover-
able save their hats which hung in a small
closet against one wall. Around a chair be-
fore the table wires were carefully ar-
ranged and I found by testing that they
were alive with great voltages of elec-
tricity.

  Upon the back of the chair a rope hung.
It was tied in a circle passing between the
round pieces in the chair back.

  A minute charred fragment of something
not organic lay beside the chair.

  1 have investigated thoroughly and am
able to assert that since my two friends
left their apartment on the evening of
February third and entered the laboratory,
they have not been seen nor heard of.

  Personally I have accepted their report,
weirdly improbable as it seems, for one
thing more supports their combined testi-
mony. I examined the laboratory furniture
minutely as well as its walls, floor and ceil-
ing. All of them looked as though they
had been edged in a flame of unusual qual-
ity such as an unknown light might be,
for all were marked with slight char that
was in odd ripples evenly rhythmic, as
though the flame had leaped and throbbed
as it burned.

  Davis rails at imagination rather force-
fully in one brief sentence. From my
knowledge of him it seems probable that
he intended to imply that Carry was right
in denying the existence of the soul, and
that his own experience was a mystical
prolongation of imagination in fields where
art operates.

  I may be mistaken, for it is equally
true that he was incapable by temperament
of disbelief in spiritual things. Perhaps his
statement means something never to be un-
derstood unless some other inquirer repeats
his experience with more success.

  What value this report may be to sci-
ence is not clear to me, for I am an artist
and not scientific. I submit it with the hope
that the lives of my friends may not have
ended in vain.
  The Radiant Enemies

By R. F. STARZL

INGRAHAM shifted the broad restrain-	almost too heavy to lift. Held in place

ing belt around his waist a little with	before the astrogation panel, the man

awkward hands, for the terrific decel-	fought against dizziness, for at this criti-

eration of the ship made his arms seem	cal time even the slightest mistake might

Copyrighted. 1984. by The Frank A. Munacy Co.

118
THE RADIANT ENEMIES

119

easily dash them in ruins upon the jagged
nucleus of the comet.

  Radiant Comet, Ingraham had named
it, for the spectroscope had shown it to be
rich in radium, the universally used
“starter” for all atomic disintegration
processes. A tiny speck of radium activated
the atomic motors of this very ship, and
without radium the slender silver rods
which slowly fed into the bulky power
domes about them, and above and below
Ihem, were inert and useless.

  Ingraham permitted himself a back-
ward glance, to where Durphee’s gross
form gasped for breath.

  “Be there in fifteen minutes,” he said
jerkily, struggling against the weight of
his own diaphragm.

  Durphee did not answer, except to moan,
and Ingraham turned to his panel. As the
image of the nucleus slowly enlarged on
the teletab, crossing the graduations
marked thereon, he plied the levers and
dials, until their speed was well under
control.

  He breathed a sigh of relief and un-
clasped the safety belt.

  Skillfully he permitted the ship to settle,
until a slight jar proclaimed that they
had landed.

  Durphee lurched to his feet. He was a
trifle taller than Ingraham’s five feet ten,
and thicker about the waist. Durphee
looked older than his indulgence-sated
forty years, and Ingraham younger than
his thirty.

  Ingraham was the scientist who had dis-
covered the true nature of Radiant Comet,
looping in a vast parabola around the sun,
and already well on its way to the outer
spaces again.

  It was situated well beyond the orbit
of Saturn, because of the delay in adapt-
ing an ordinary Earth-to-Moon ship for
this mad adventure.

  But Durphee had raised the money, in
a last desperate gamble to recoup a wasted
fortune.

  “How much radium is there?” Durphee
asked, staring out of one of the thick
ports.

THE other man did not answer im-
mediately. He also stared over the
strange landscape. He saw a desolate in-
ferno. They had landed on the side away
from the small, brightly yellow sun, and
looked upon night. But not a true night.
Everywhere the rocks gave forth a light,
faint and spectral, a light too weak to dim
the unwinking stars. But light enough,
it would seem, to allow a man to walk
over the sandy plain.

  “Millions of tons of radium,” Ingra-
ham said at last. “My spectroscopic
analysis—”

  “Millions of tons?” exclaimed Durphee
in a loud voice. “What are we waiting
for? Let’s get going!” He made as if to
turn the handwheel that locked the oblong
door.

  “Wait!” Ingraham commanded sharp-
ly. “Open that door, and you’re a dead
man. And I am, too. Put on this suit.”
He opened a locker and brought out a
single garment, which included a helmet
and boots shod with lead. It was a typical
space suit, and Durphee knew how to put
it on. Ingraham got one for himself.

  “Notice the fine metal mesh, almost like
chain mail,” Ingraham explained, “over
the outside of the regular fabric. That is,
you might say, a radiation screen, activated
by a small oscillator in your pack,
along with the respirator tank. It will
protect you from the emanations, which
would otherwise burn you up. You see—”
“Let’s get going!” Durphee insisted.
“Millions of tons—”

  “Don’t be a hog!” Ingraham cut in
coolly. “We’ve only room for a couple
hundred pounds of the stuff in our in-
sulated cases. Some of the stuff is pretty
thinly distributed. We have to look for
the richest—say—for metallic radium, if
we can find it.”

  “All right, come!” Durphee begged. He
slipped on the helmet, sliding up the seal-
ing wedge. His eyes glittered greedily back
of the vitrine face-plate.

  Ingraham slipped on his own helmet.

  “All in good time,” he said levelly,
speaking into the inductance phone.
120

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  “This atmosphere is mostly helium,
given off by the disintegration of the
radium. Sure that your respirator is work-
ing?”

  They opened the lock, and the door
flung outward from the pressure of the
air within, and their suits instantly in-
flated, standing out firmly. Valving off a
little air they stepped out upon the surface
of the Radiant Comet. They carried their
tools and instruments, and a cylindrical
container for the radium.

  Although the possibility of meeting hos-
tile inhabitants was remote, they carried
at their belts light little deionizer tubes,
those deadly modern weapons that destroy
life by inducing a chemical change within
the body.

  “Look back once in a while,” Ingra-
ham cautioned. “Keep an eye on the ship.
We don’t want to be marooned here on a
comet.”

  “Let’s start picking the stuff up,” Dur-
phee proposed, staring about him.

  “Richer ahead, where those rocks crop
out.”

  They arrived at the designated place
after a long walk, and here the levelness
of the sands was broken by a mad con-
fusion of splintered rock, huge upended
masses, and giant crystalline forms. It
was a scene of malefic fairyland, lighted
by radiance that streamed silently out
from every side. Overhead was the foggy
luminescence of the comet’s tail, stretch-
ing out into infinity, but it was cold and
unreal compared to the living light that
came from the rocks.

  Durphee gave a hoarse cry.

  “Look! Look! Veins of it! Nuggets!
I’m rich! I’m rich!”

  “Not till we get it back to earth!”
Ingraham reminded him.

  Durphee fell to his knees and snatched
up fragments of the dangerous heavy
metal, fondling it, holding it to the face-
plate of his helmet.

  “Don’t do that, you fool!” Ingraham
said. “Do you want to go blind or crazy?
Drop it into the canister. Wre’re going to
fill that, and leave as fast as we can.”

BOTH fell to work, filling the can
with their incredible hoard, Durphee
almost tearful at the thought of leaving
so much of it, Ingraham sharply remind-
ing him that no man could use so much
wealth.

  They nearly had enough when overhead
appeared a light. At first it might have
been merely another star, but soon it re-
solved itself as some object that was rap-
idly approaching them. Other lights ap-
peared, fast growing.

  In a few minutes the Earthmen were
gazing up at the strangely beautiful be-
ings slowly circling about them at a dis-
tance of a few feet from their heads. One
may imagine a multiplicity of diaphanous
ruffles, like crumpled cellophane, all aglow
with prismatic light of their own.

  They were not wings, those thin, radiant
processes, and yet they might have served
as fourth-dimensional models of butter-
flies. They did not move at all, and ap-
peared to have no part in sustaining them-
selves in the air. They might have been
merely large absorption surfaces, to absorb
and hold the radiant energy pulsating
everywhere on that comet.

  A fittingly strange form of life in strange
surroundings, thought Ingraham, looking
at them wonderingly, and with apprecia-
tion of their beauty. Looking through
them, he saw no body, no nucleus; merely
thin, shimmering, membranous matter.

  “Hey, listen!” came Durphee’s sharp
voice in the receiver. “Are those things
dangerous?”

  “They don’t seem to be unfriendly.”
“Well, I don’t like the looks of them!”
Suddenly one of the radiant beings
ceased its movements, hung, as it were,
helplessly. In its shimmering membranes
a hole had appeared, a hole through which
the cold stars showed. Quickly, like a fire
eating through cloth, the hole widened,
spread through the complex ramifications
of its being. It reached the tips of the
ruffles, and went out. The prismatic light
disappeared.

  “You fool!” Ingraham tried to knock
the deionizer from Durphee’s hand, but
THE RADIANT ENEMIES

the heavy space suit hindered him, and
another of the radiant creatures died. And
yet another, before Ingraham wrenched
the tube from the other’s grasp. Like
glowing bubbles before a gale, the visitors
swept upward and away, and in a few
seconds there was no sign of them.

  “What’s the matter with you?” Durphee
growled, stooping and resuming his ex-
cited mining operations.

  “Those beautiful things; why kill
them?”

 “They’re no good.”	,

  “As I may have mentioned before,
Durphee, you’re a hog. Men like you
blasted the ancient Moon dwellings, out
of pure cussedness. If you didn’t care what
you destroyed, you might have considered
that it’s dangerous to antagonize them—”
“Get busy with this stuff,” Durphee
snapped crossly. “As for them, we’re well
rid of ’em.”

  “Don’t be too sure. I think they’re com-
ing back.”

  They were coming back. Sweeping up
on a long arc from some place a mile or
two across the plain, they were sweeping
back like avenging fireflies, hundreds of
them.

  “Now7 we’re in for it,” Ingraham said
angrily, handing Durphee his deionizer.
“Wait till they attack.”

  “Will they attack?” Durphee asked,
with growing anxiety.

  “They’ve got plenty of reason to,”
Ingraham reminded him. “Stand still.”

THE radiant beings flung themselves
upon the Earthmen in a frenzy of
movement. It seemed that they must be
annihilated beneath the weight of that
attack. But when it was over, and they
recoiled, the puzzled men realized that
they had hardly felt as much as a touch.
The radiants hovered about uncertainly,
as if undecided, and made no further
hostile move.

  “Thank goodness!” Ingraham exclaimed.
“We’re immune to their offense. It’s some
form of radiant discharge, and our suits
protected us. See, they’re sluggish now.

It may take them some time to regenerate
enough energy to attack us again.”

  The colors of the diaphanous multiple
ruffles w'ere in fact dim, lacking the living
fire they had owned before.

  “You mean they can’t hurt us?” asked
Durphee with returning courage.

  “It seems not.”

  “Then let ’em have it!”

  This time the weakened Radiants
winked out in death almost instantly be-
fore Durphee’s deionizer, and the sur-
vivors fled precipitately.

  “You murdering fool!” Ingraham raged,
grabbing for the tube.

  “No, you don’t!” Durphee replied, back-
ing away warily. “Not with me owning
half of a few billion dollars’ worth of
radium. I’m taking no chances.”

  “Keep it, then!” Ingraham yielded with
disgust. “When there’s plenty for both
of us, why should I rob you?”

  They fell to work, and in a few min-
utes the canister was full. Despite the
slight gravity on that comet, it was all
the two of them could do to carry their
treasure. When they arrived at the ship
they were both weary.

  Once inside they prepared to lock the
door and leave at once, for the comet was
steadily carrying them away from the
Earth. With a word of warning to Durphee
about handling radium unprotected, Ingra-
ham started to lock up and set the air
machine to working. Suddenly he gave a
cry:

  “They’ve stolen our fuel rods!”
Through the plate of Durphee’s helmet
his face was ashen as he looked up. The
slender silver rods were indeed missing.

  “It’s them unholy what-you-call-’ems! ”
he gritted. “The thieving—” He wallowed
in foul language.

  “Keep your suit on!” Ingraham warned
him briskly. “We’ve got to find those bars
or we’re marooned here forever. We’ll die
here, you understand?”

  He added, not without bitterness:

  “It seems those things are intelligent.
If you hadn’t been so quick to murder
them, they might have been friendly to
122

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

us. I think they were friendly at first.”
  Durphee tottered to the door.

  “Wait!” Ingraham called. “I think I
know where they come from. They may
have taken the rods there.”

  The low cliffs stretched like the frozen
surf of a phosphorescent sea across tri
plain. Somewhere along that low line rr /st
be the dwelling of the Radiants. Ingr?£aam
looked back once, regretfully, at the ship.
There was no way of locking it f:»m the
outside, for the builders had anticipated
the danger of being locked out by over-
sight. Now this precaution stood them in
ill stead, but they must risk the chance
of having the ship tampered with again.

  The cliffs were nearer than they seemed.
\fter a walk of about two miles the Earth-
men arrived and skirted along their base
until they came to an opening in the
rock. The interior was illuminated with
the same milky-white light, and Ingraham
went in.

  “Follow me,” he instructed Durphee,
“and don’t use the tube unless you have
to.”

  They passed through a corridor for sev-
eral hundred feet, and, traveling down-
ward, came to a lofty chamber three or
four hundred feet in diameter. Until then
they had seen none of the Radiants, but
now, as if by signal, thousands of them
appeared, floating in the air over their
heads. Durphee pointed the deionizer at
them defensively, but did not discharge
the weapon, and the Radiants hovered,
apparently waiting for something.
Ingraham called excitedly:

  “Look, Durphee! In the center of the
room! See, on that round thing?”

AROUND boss, like the stump of an
enormous tree, but crystalline in
character, was in the center of the great
room. Through the transparent mineral,
liquid, flowing fires, in all the colors of
the rainbow, could be seen, slowly ebbing
and flowing, sending out streams of silent
color that bathed the lofty vaults and
arches like the long slow surges of a ground
swell. But Ingraham was looking at the

little bundle of silver rods lying on the
table-like rock—the stolen fuel bars.

  Swiftly he strode toward them, Durphee
following, and as the Earthmen approached
the light seemed to ebb, while the Radiants
retreated to the farthest extremities of
the room.

  But as Ingraham extended his hand and
took the silver rods, a light as dazzling
as lightning and as overwhelming as a
geyser burst from the boss, blinding him.
Nevertheless he took the rods, and, turn-
ing, groped for Durphee.

  The latter was shielding his eyes with
his forearm.

  “What is it? What’s that light?” he
asked, in alarm.

  “Some powerful form of radiant en-
ergy,” Ingraham replied. “I’ll bet those
things are wondering why we weren’t
killed. Our radiation screens saved us
Let’s get out and get back!”

  The great light ebbed, and as the Earth-
men turned to go the Radiants reappeared,
seemingly imbued with the greatest ex-
citement. They whirled about their heads
with the fury of a tornado, and Durphee
laughed.

  “That for you, firebugs! Wish I had
time, I’d take your god, or whatever that
thing is, with me.”

  “Keep your tube in its clip,” Ingraham
warned.

  “Who in the devil are you—” Durphee
flared. But he got no further. A rock as
big as a man’s fist toppled out of some
niche or cranny high overhead, struck his
shoulder, ripping out a triangular rent in
the mesh of the radiation screen covering
his space suit. Instantly one of the Radi-
ants flung itself on the vulnerable spot
and clung there, limpet-like. A cry of des-
perate agony rung in Ingraham’s induction
phone:

  “Help! It’s burning me to death!”

  As Durphee fell, Ingraham leaped for-
ward and caught the Radiant in his clumsy
gauntlets. He crumpled the gauzy ruffles
of its being as easily as paper, and saw its
shimmering light go black under his hands.
Then, before another of the creatures
THE RADIANT ENEMIES

123

could fasten itself on the place, he lifted
back the torn flap and twisted the thin
wire ends together as well as he could.

  “Can you stand now?” he asked.

  Durphee scrambled to his feet, cursing
and groaning.

  “It burned the liver out of me,” he
muttered.

  Rocks were still raining about them, as
if the Radiants had just discovered by ac-
cident this primitive method of fighting
and were making the most of it.

  Suddenly, Ingraham, struck on the head,
fell to the ground.

  He must have been unconscious only
for an instant, for when he got to his
knees he could see Durphee walking away,
scarcely ten feet from him.

  Durphee!” he called. But his partner
paid him no heed. He had already entered
the corridor.

  Ingraham saw that his body was literally
covered with the Radiants, but the rock
had torn none of the protective screen,
and he was impervious to their attack.
Reeling, he rose to his feet, brushing the
fragile beings from him, and so followed
Durphee, raging with anger.

  Too cowardly to murder him, the
avaricious Durphee nevertheless was will-
ing to abandon him to death, he thought.
Durphee was running, and Ingraham ran
alter him. The Radiants did not follow.

JUST then Durphee turned and saw
him. In that uncertain light, with the
handicap of the clumsy space suits, Ingra-
ham was not sure, but he thought he saw
his partner start. Durphee spoke first:

  “Close squeak!” he congratulated
thickly.

  “Durphee,” Ingraham asked coldly,
“did you see what happened to me?’'

  “I didn’t see anything,” was Durphee’s
sullen reply.

  “You didn’t see me fall, and keep go-
ing?”

  •‘You had the fuel rods,” the other man
retorted. “What good would it do me to
leave you?”

  Ingraham felt a sense of shame.

  “We’re both unstrung. This unholy
place! Lead on, Durphee; let’s be on our
way.”

  Their tracks in the luminous sand were
clear and pointed unmistakably to the
ship. In less than an hour they were close
to the shiny ovoid. Durphee was the first
to reach it. At the door he stopped and
waited for his partner to come up.

  Ingraham stepped beside him unsus-
pectingly. In an instant Durphee had
snatched the weapon out of the clip at
Ingraham’s belt, and delivered a stagger-
ing blow to the solar plexus. Ingraham
went down, and Durphee fell on top of
him. His weight, on that small world, was
not great, but the shock of the fall
paralyzed Ingraham’s breathing.

  Something was thudding on the vitrine
face-plate of his helmet; repeated blows
from the heel of Durphee’s hand, trying
to break the glass.

 Blind anger gave the under man
strength, and in a fury of despair he struck
back at the muffled body of his betrayer.
He clamped an arm around the other’s
neck, only to have it painfully wrenched
free. He took hold of the folds of
Durphee’s space suit. There was a metallic
rip as the insulating screen tore away, but
Durphee rolled free and staggered to his
feet.

  Ingraham tried to rise also, but as he
did the glowing sand came up to meet
him. He sprawled, and the thud of a kick
in the ribs came to him only impersonally.
He gave himself up for dead, and before
his eyes the sand under the face-plate
glowed mockingly.

  But Ingraham was not dead. With faint
surprise he came to that realization some
time later, and immediately afterward the
freezing horror of his fate bore in upon
him. Marooned! Marooned on a comet
and speeding away from the sun—already
far beyond all past limits of human travel
and drifting remorselessly into the void.
Betrayed by the greed of a man to whom
he had unhesitatingly entrusted his life.

  He lifted his body, supporting it on his
hands, and stared ahead of him, wondering
124

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

if he had overestimated the passage of
time, for the ship was still there, just as
it had been, and the tracks in the sand
showed where Durphee had stepped in,
letting the door fall shut, but a narrow
line showed that it had not yet been drawn
tight and locked from within. The silver
fuel rods were gone.

  With wild hope Ingraham tottered to
the ship. Had Durphee relented, or was
he battening the cruel streak in him on
his victim’s despairing efforts?

  Ingraham felt for his deionizer. It was
gone, and was nowhere on the ground. He
was still at Durphee’s mercy, then!

  After many clumsy failures he managed
to insert the thick fingers of his space
gloves into the crack of the door. Quickly
he flung it open and stepped inside, ready
to fight again for his life.

  His first glance showed him that he
would not have to fight Durphee. His
partner lay at full length on the floor, and
as Ingraham came in, ten or more Radiants
rose from the prostrate body and hovered
in the air, as if expectantly, projecting,
one might imagine, a question.

  There was no need to examine the

charred fabric of Durphee’s space suit
where the Radiants had fastened, unde-
terred because the radiation screen was
torn. Durphee had paid, in full.

  Fear lifted from the soul of Ingraham,
and shrouded it again as he saw the slender
bars suspended, by some invisible force,
beneath the bodies of the hovering Radi-
ants—the silver fuel rods—the key to his
escape into a normal world.

  A quick glance out of the corner of his
face-plate showed him that he had left
the door open, and he knew beyond doubt
that before he could take one step his visi-
tors would be gone, taking the rods with
them.

  But even as that appalling truth sank
into him, Ingraham was thinking of the
prismatic beauty of these exquisite crea-
tures, and as he did so something passed
between the Earthman and the Radiants,
and something like a benediction and a
sense of understanding flowed from them
to him. They drew together, and light
streamed from one to another. The silver
rods fell to the floor of the ship about
Ingraham, and swiftly the radiant beings
flew out of the door and were gone.

Todays Fantastic Hits Are Tomorrow's Classics!

Synthetic Men of Mars Minions of the Moon
       The Ninth Life	Seven Out of Time

 Children of Tomorrow

All these great stories, featured in the 1939 ARGOSY, are destined
           to go down in the history of Fantastic Fiction.

  And now ARGOSY tops them all with

 EANDO BINDER'S "LORDS OF CREATION"

  A fascinating novel of amazing worlds to come

READ IT IN THE ARGOSY

 NOW ON SALE AT YOUR FAVORITE NEWSSTAND
The Readers’ Viewpoint

The Editors,

Famous Fantastic Mysteries s

  Congratulations! At last you’ve published the
magazine I have been waiting for, and you’ve
done a mighty fine job at that. My greatest
criticism is that you issue it only every other
month. That’s hardly being fair to your readers.
However, I feel sure the success you no doubt
will have will make it possible for you to give
us Famous Fantastic Mysteries every month
in a short time. The title is well chosen.

  I hesitated to clip the coupon on the last
page because I want to save the magazine in-
tact—and I save very few magazines. Besides,
the coupon hardly gave me space to say the
things I wanted to say.

  It's hard to select my favorite story, almost
every one being far above the average. “The
Moon Pool", “Karpen the Jew”, “The Girl in
the Golden Atom”, and “The Witch-Makers”
all run a close race for first place, “The Moon
Pool” having, perhaps, a slight edge on the
others. All of these seem to follow closely the
suggestion implied by the magazine’s title, al-
though the quality of mystery is somewhat lack-
ing in “The Girl in the Golden Atom.”

  “Space Station No. 1” seemed just another
science fiction story.

 “The Whimpus” and “Blind Man’s Buff”,
also struck me as not being in strict keeping
with the title of Famous Fantastic Mysteries
although the latter story was quite amusing.
However, I rather resented the humorous touch
in a magazine of this type. If you must include
humor, please hold it down to a single story
each month.

  In regard to the type of story I’d like to see
in future issues, I suggest that you stick to ones
like “The Witch-Makers", “The Moon Pool”,
and “Karpen the Jew”. These tales are definitely
unusual and well in keeping with the magazine’s
title. Exclude stories the likes of which we can
find in a dozen or more other publications. In
short, give us the stuff that’s hard to find else-
where.

  Whatever you do, don’t change the cover. As
it is now it adds a great deal of character to the
appearance of the magazine, character that
would be considerably lessened should you re-
sort to a pictorial cover; then the magazine
would become just another fantastic fiction pub-
lication instead of something new and refresh-
ingly different.

  As you see, my criticisms are few. Famous

Fantastic Mysteries give me exactly what
I’ve been waiting for. I think you’ve done a
grand job. Keep your magazine on the same
high level of quality and I’ll remain a most
devoted reader.

L. Robert Tschirky

Rosemont, Pa.

Not to Kill Time

  Although I am not given to writing to maga-
zine editors usually, I feel strongly moved to
give my two-cents worth concerning your new
magazine Famous Fantastic Mysteries.

  It is my opinion that you are doing us science-
fiction readers a real service, and answering a
long felt need, in producing this magazine. Cer-
tainly, although science-fiction stories are new,
compared to the art of story-telling, as old
as man, there are, by now, a number of real
classics in this field. And what could be better
than that we readers may read the select
material ?

  I do not read them “just to kill time,” but to
supply the mental diversion from cold realism.
Therefore, I am constantly searching for higher
type stories. I believe your new magazine will
fill this need, and you may count upon me as a
permanent reader.

  Good luck to you!

George E. Stewart

Pensacola, Florida

Suggestion for Future Series

  I have just seen a copy of your publication
and wish to congratulate you upon your achieve-
ment. It has been needed for a long time. As to
the stories, Merritt’s “Moon Pool” takes first
place, of course. Next come “Karpen the Jew,”
“The Whimpus,” and “Blind Man’s Buff,”
closely followed by the others. All were good
and you are to be commended for your selection.

  As a suggestion for future issues, please print
the following:

Merritt—Metal Monster, Conquest of the Moon
Pool, Face in the Abyss, Through the Dragon
Glass.

England—Darkness and Dawn trilogy.

Stilson—Polaris of the Snows, Minos of Sar-
danes, Polaris and the Goddess Glorian.

Giesy—Palos of the Dog-Star Pack, Mouthpiece
  of Zitu, Jason, Son of Jason.

William Evans

Salem, Ore.

125
126

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

Print One Complete Novel

  After reading your new magazine, Famous
Fantastic Mysteries, I cannot describe how
thoroughly 1 endorse it. To find a magazine
printing just one story like “The Moon Pool,”
I would consider a stroke of luck, but to have
“The Moon Pool” amongst stories like Cum-
ming's “The Girl in the Golden Atom” (which
I waited for many years) and others just as
good—well, it was a stroke of genius.

  Couldn't you print one complete long novel,
or if that is impossible print the longer novels
in parts? Need I say that we want the sequel
to both, “The Moon Pool” (Conquest of the
Moon Pool), by Merritt and “The Girl in the
Golden Atom” (The Princess of the Atom),
by Cummings and please print “Brand New
World,” also by Ray Cummings.

  Again I say, well done and in the same breath
—give us more of the same.

Lucille Gales

Livermore, Iowa

Wants Farley’s Radio Series

Greetings and Congratulations I

  I enjoyed every one of the stories in your
first issue.

  “The Moon Pool” is easily tops, but have you
abridged it or is there a sequel to this famous
story? Second place goes to “The Girl in the
Golden Atom” and the third to “Karpen tiie
Jew.”

  I’d like to have “The Blind Spot” and its
sequel published and also some of Ralph Milne
Farley’s stories of the ant people of Venus.

  Once again congratulations and may this new
Argosy of yours be as laden with success as
the original of that name.

Herbert S. Schofield

Philadelphia, Pa.

Something 1 Hoped For

  Congratulations. And I mean it. This maga-
zine is something I had hoped for, for a long
time. Let’s see, it was about 1935, I think, that
I gave up reading science fiction (while still
keeping my collection intact). But then I
happened to pick up a copy of George Allan
England’s “Darkness and Dawn.” Well! Here
was real stuff. No, I wasn’t jaded but only
tired of mass-production science fiction. There-
fore I welcome the new magazine with wide
open arms.

  I hope you won’t confine the stories to shorts,
since some of the best tales have been serial
length. And please do not use (for the present)
those that are still available in book form. My
suggestions follow:

  Of course the sequels to “The Moon Pool”
and “Golden Atom.” Ralph Milne Farley’s

trilogy, “The Radio Man,” “Radio Beasts,”
“Radio Planet.” J. U. Giesy’s triology, “Palos,
of the Dog Star Pack,” “Mouthpiece of Zitu,”
“Jason, Son of Jason.” Merritt’s “Metal Mon-
ster,” “Three Lines of Old French,” “Through
the Dragon Glass.” Garrett P. Serviss: “Moon
Maiden,” “Conquest of Mars,” “Conquest of the
Moon.” George Allan England's “Darkness and
Dawn.” H. E. Flint: “The Planeteer,” “Queen
of Life,” “Man in the Moon,” etc. Austin Hall’s
“Into the Infinite," “Rebel Soul,” “Almost Im-
mortal.” Flint and Hall’s “Blind Spot.” Garret
Smith's “After a Million Years.”

Lester Anderson

San Francisco, Cal.

Knows His “Fantastics”

  I have just purchased the first issue of
Famous Fantastic Mysteries. I have not read
it, for it happens that I have already read, and
have in my possession every story in the maga-
zine. You see, I am a fantasy fan and collector.

I’ll buy every issue of FFM you put out.

  I think your selection of stories for the first
issue is excellent. Some readers will be disap-
pointed (as I was), to discover that “The Moon
Pool” is only the novelette which precedes the
real story. Obviously, you’ll have to publish
“The Conquest of the Moon Pool”. The same
thought applies to “The Girl in the Golden
Atom”, and its sequel, “The People of the
Golden Atom”. These are serials, long ones—
yet they are the classics which the fantasy
readers have been so anxious to read. More of
that a bit later.

  The other stories are well chosen. “Karpen
the Jew” by Leath and “The Whimpus” by
Robbins are striking stories. Giesy’s “Blind
Man’s Buff” is a humorous note which might
well round out every issue. YVandrei’s and Well-
man’s yarns, I think, are too new but they are
good stories, nevertheless.

  As for future issues, you have an almost in-
exhaustible source of material from which to
draw. But—the long stories are the stories you
should feature 1 “The Blind Spot” by Austin
Hall and Homer Eon Flint, and its sequel, “The
Spot of Life” . . . J. U. Giesy's triology, “Palos
of the Dog Star Pack”, “The Mouthpiece of
Zitu” and “Jason, Son of Jason” . . . George
Allan England’s novels: “The Empire in the
Air”, “Darkness and Dawn”, “Beyond the Great
Oblivion”, “The Afterglow”, “The Golden
Blight”, “The Fatal Gift”, etc. . . . Homer Eon
Flint’s yarns: “The Planeteer”, “The King of
Conserve Island”, “The Lord of Death”, “The
Queen of Life”, “The Devolutionist”, “The
Emancipatrix”, “The Man in the Moon”, and
“Out of the Moon” . . . Charles B. Stilson’s
“Polaris—of the Snows”, “Minos of Sardanes”,
and “Polaris and the Goddess Glorian” . . .
THE READERS’ VIEWPOINT

127

ARE YOU

 Garret Smith’s “After a Million Years”, "Be-
 tween Worlds”, “On the Brink of 2000”, and
 “Treasures of Tantalus” . . Merritt's “The
 Metal Monster” (though you should use the
 shortened version titled “The Metal Emperor")
 and his other famous fantasies . . . Ray Cum-
 mings’ “The Fire People”, “The Man Who
 Mastered Time”, and a dozen others. . . .

 Lots of luck I

L. A. E.

 Reading, Pa.

Wants Cover Illustrated

 I want to thank you for making these great
 fantasies available in your new magazine.

 I was always under the impression that Mer-
 ritt’s “The Moon Pool”, was a book-length
 novel instead of a novelette. The ending seemed
 to suggest that there is more than you published.
 How about it? Otherwise the story was all I
 heard about it. Other prize winners, Robbin’s
 “The Whimpus” and Cummings’ “The Girl in
 the Golden Atom”.

 Suggested for future publication. “The Blind
 Spot”, “The Planet of Peril”, “The Radio
 Man” (and the rest of Farley's “radio” series).
 “The Queen of Life” and “The Lord of Death”,
 both by Homer Eon Flint.

 T would also like to see the cover illustrated.

Harold F. Benson

West Warwick, R. I.

“Golden Atom” Best

 I think you have an excellent magazine here.
 The first issue was perfect and it hit upon all
 my weaknesses with its variety of stories.

 “The Girl in the Golden Atom” by Ray Cum-
 mings, was the best I have ever read. Personally
 I think you should use many more like it and
 occasionally change off to stories like “The
 Whimpus” by Todd Robbins.

Lou Mii-ler

 Albany, N. Y.

    All Right Mr. Frank, Smooth Edges

     As editor of a fan series of publications, and
 as a fantasy fan I want to laud your new pub-
 lication. Famous Fantastic Mysteries.

    You have a swrel! line-up of real classics in
 this first issue; the make-up is neat, attractive.
 As for the stories, you can’t rate tales when
 they are all the best.

    Suggestions for improvements: Give us
smooth edges. Get Virgil Finlay for one of
your artists.

    And give us serials.

    I hope that the magazine becomes a monthly
 real soon.

Richard Frank

 Millheim, Pa.

HYPNOTIZED?

MOST PEOPLE ARE!

Most people are—by fear, worry,
a sense of Inferiority, disease, dis-
appointment, failure, death. Hypno-
tized by such ideas, they lack energy,
vitality, lose their health, fall in
their undertakings, acquire weak and
unattractive personalities. Learn how to FREE YOURSELF
of such hypnotizing ideas and moods. Learn how to BE
INSPIRED, energetic, victorious, vital, ambitious, and a
MASTER of circumstances instead of a slave. A strange
method, originated by Wise Men of the East and used with

astounding effects for over two thousand years, is remark-

.......le mind of

PC

using the method throughout the world, many for the sake

 ably instrumental In freeing the mind of the hypnotizing
 ideas that paralyze the giant powers within us. Thousands

of their health, others to develop more magnetic personal-
ity, talents and ability, to turn failure Into success. A
wonderful new life is before you. Write today for FREE

treatise (9,000 words) revealing many surprising results.
INSTITUTE OF MENTALPHYSICS. Dept. 21-F
213 South Hobart Boulevard, Los Angeles. California

BACKACHE?

Try Flushing Excess Poisons
And Acid Thru Kidneys
And Stop Getting Up Nights

35 CENTS PROVES IT

When your kidneys are overtaxed and your
bladder is Irritated and passage scanty and often
smarts and burns, you may need Gold Medal
Haarlem Oil Capsules, a fine harmless stimulant
and diuretic that starts to work at once and costs
but 35 cents at any modern drugstore.

It’s one good safe way to put more healthy ac-
tivity into kidneys and bladder — you should
sleep more soundly the whole night through. But
be sure to get GOLD MEDAL — it’s a genuine
medicine for weak kidneys — right from Haar-
lem in Holland.

    _ " U. S.

Government
* JOBS' *

START

$1260 to $2100 a Year

Get Ready	, —-------— — —--—--

Immediately.	/ FRANKLIN INSTITUTE, Dept. R247.

            /	Rochester, N. Y.

Men—Women	Sirs: Rush to me without charge (1)

Rrnri®	e 82-page book with list of U. 8. Government

Education usually	^ Jobs- *nlarIcs« duties, ages, ctc. (2) Tell me

Sufficient.	»“>w « qualify f°r one of theso job«.

Mail Coupon / Nama ......................................

today sure. / Address .......................................

Be an ARTIST

Trained Artists Are Capable of Earning $30. S50, $75
Weekly. Many of our graduates arc now enjoying suc-
cessful Art careers. Our practical method makes it fun to
learn Commercial Art. Cartooning and Dosignlng at
homo, in spare tlmo. Write for FREE BOOK, "Art for
Pleasure and Profit”, explains course and describes
TWO ART OUTFITS included. State ugc.

STUDIO 7IIIM. WASHINGTON SCHOOL OF ART
1115-15th Street, N. W.	Washington, 0. C.

In anatverinp advertisements it is desirable that you mention Famous Fantastic Mysteries
12 8

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

Baclt Pain and
Kidney Strain

Wrong foods and drinks, worry, overwork and colds often
put a strain on the Kidneys and non-systemic and non-
organic Kidney and Bladder troubles may be the true cause
Of Excess Acidity, Getting Up Nights, Burning Passages,
Leg Pains, Nervousness, Dizziness, Swollen Ankles, Rheu-
matic Pains, and Puffy Eyelids. In many such eases the
diuretic action of the Doctor’s prescription Cystex helps
the Kidneys clean out Excess Acids. This plus the palliative

Sork of Cystex may easily make you feel like a new person
i Just a few days. Try Cystex under the guarantee of
money back unless completely satisfied. Cystex costs only
3c a dose at druggists and the guarantee protects you.

GIVEN

ABOUT
SIZE OF DIME

NOTHING TO BtJYI GIRLS' LADIES! Send name and
Address. Charming Watch or Big Cash Commission. Send
No Money. Given /or SIMPLY GIVING AWAY FREE
Big Colored Pictures with our well known White Cloverine
Salve, used tor burns, chaps, sores, etc. easily sold to
friends at 25o a box (with ulcttire FREE) and remitting
per catalog. SPECIAL: Choice of 20 glfta for returning
only S3. Be first. 44th year. Write today for order of Salve
and Pictures postage paid.

WILSON CHE IVI. CO., Inc., Dept. 92-19. TYRONE. PA.

FALSE TEETH

KLUTCH holds them tighter

 KLUTCH forms a comfort cushion; holds dental plates so
 much firmer and snugger that one can eat and talk with greater
 eomfort and security; in many cases almost aa w«ll as with
 natural teeth. Klutch lessens the constant fear of a dropping,
 rocking, chafing plate, 25o and 50o at druggists ... II your
 druggist hasn’t it, don't waste money on substitutes, but
 send us lOo and we will mail you a generous trial box.

© l. r. inc.

 KLUTCH CO.,	Box 2744-K,	ELMIRA, N. V.

Vt Price

         Easy Terms
         OnlylOcaDay

  8*Tt OT*T K On all atamlud olEo» model..
  Aha portable* >1 rtduced prion.

 SEND NO MONKY

 _Villi color*. f.a'T*ot prlcof. Bond »t ono#.

Free count In typing included.

Iiferofttiontl Typewriter Extb

231 W. Monroe St.
Dept. 1136. Chicago

RE A PASSENGER

D TRAFFIC INSPECTOR

      simple, homo-study course will train
 you in a few months and upon completion,
 we willplacc you an Railway and Bus Pas-
 senger Traffic Inspector at up to S135 per
 month, plus expenses, to start—or refund
 tuition. Men 19 to 80 eligible—get Free

Booklet
in glvlni

 desorihlriB: our 20 years’ experience

giving thin training.

Standard Business Training Institute

 ufTalo. N. V.

Itching

                          Cet Relief

                                  Tft/sFasf Way
         _________-ur Money Bach

 For quick relief from itching of eczema, pimples, athlete’s foot*
 ecales, scabica, rashe9and other externally caused skin troubles,
 use world-famous, cooling, antiseptic, liquid D. D. D. Prescrip-
 tion. Greaseless, Btainless. Soothes irritation and quickly stops
 the most intense itching. 35c trial bottle proves it, or money
 back. Ask your druggist today for D. D. D. PRESCRIPTION*

Wants Very Old Classics

  Congratulations on a fine magazine! The idea
behind Famous Fantastic Mysteries is splen-
did—even if the title is not. The stories in the
Sept.-Oct. issue were all excellent reading. As
a science fiction enthusiast, I would naturally
like to see the classic type of story predominate
—though whether it is a Merritt type, with
plenty of imagination, or a story like Wellman’s,
more rigidly scientific, I do not care. The super-
natural stories are o.k., but only in small doses.

  All in all, the magazine is a very good one;
but I have a few criticisms and suggestions to
offer. In the first place, stories as recent as
1936 should not be used. Why not make 1934
the limit?

  Secondly, I’d like to see the magazine pub-
lished monthly.

  Thirdly, and this is most important, please
use some serials. Titles like “The Metal Mon-
ster,” the “Radio” series.

  In any event, I'm looking forward to the next
issue.

Paul H. Spencer

West Hartford, Conn.

Shows a Nice Balance

 I have just read the first issue of Famous
 Fantastic Mysteries, and I like it. I approve
 of its aim. And I approve of the make-up of the
 magazine, which seems to be h la Argosy. The
 make-up is an important factor in my estima-
 tion; if you had made the magazine look like
 a Sunday supplement, I would have been re-
 pulsed. As it is, Famous Fantastic Mysteries
 shows a nice balance between sprightliness and
 decorum. Keep it the way it is.

                                A. H. L.

  Hollis, N. Y.

More of the Same

  Here is what I think of the stories in your
  first issue:

 The Moon Pool—a good fantastic.

Space Station No. 1—a good space story.

 The Whimpus—good.

 Karpen the Jew—very good.

 The Girl in the Golden Atom—the best story
 I have ever read.

 the Witch Makers—good.

Blind Alan’s Buff—a really funny story.

  I want to read stories like “The Girl in the
  Golden Atom.”

 I have enjoyed this book more than any
 other magazine I have ever read except the
 Argosy.

I want to read more of this kind of stories.

                         Frank Brooks.

 Ashland, Ky.

In answering advertisements it is desirable that you, mention Famous Fantastic Mysteries
51995

5 diamonds arranged
nicety. New style ring.
14 K yellow gold.
$2.90 a month

7 diamond Cluster; half
carat size. 6 other dia-
monds. 14K yellowgold.
$2.85 a month

SEND ME $1 and I’ll send

your choice of these Features I
picked out. I’ll give you a
10-DAY TRIAL and 10 MONTHS
TO PAY or Money Back if
you’re not satisfied".....

Our founder, Leonard Wheeler Sweef, won the friend-

          17 jewel curved watch:
fits snug to wrist; 10K yellow rolled
gold plate case; leather strap.
$1.90 a month

17 jewel Bulova
Feature for men.
Beautifully designed 10K
yellow rolled gold plate
case with leather strap.
Exceptional value.

$2.88 a month

83-Piece
TABLE ENSEMBLE|

     Consists of
73 Pc. SILVERPLATE
Complete with CHEST I
8 Pure linen NAPKINS I
LOOM FILET LACE
TABLE CLOTH (60"x W

ship of thousands of folks everywhere by making it
easy for them to own fine jewelry—by giving good,
honest value. I’m following in his footsteps-l’ll help
you own a diamond or watch and give nice gifts.
Here are some special values I selected for you-
would you like to examine any of them under my
Money-Back Guarantee?

  I’LL TRUST YOU-tell me what you wanf-simply put
a dollar bill in an envelope with your name, address,
occupation and a few other facts about yourself.
This transaction will be between you and me—
everything will be confidential.

  I'll send your selection for approval and 10 days
trial. If you're not satisfied that you received good,
honest dollar for dollar value, send if back and I'll
promptly return your dollar. If satisfied, you pay in
10 small monthly, amounts you will never miss.

  Just a few words about the suggestions that I show
here. Take ring (A), for instance. Imagine - only
$29.50 for this pretty ring. And the Cluster Ring (B) —
it looks like a half carat solitaire when worn on your
finger. It’s a beauty-1 'm sure you would like it. The
Bridal Ensemble ^C) is really two rings for the ordi-
nary price of one. If it's an Engagement Ring you
want, I recommend (D)-it's a perfect diamond-l’ll
give you an Affidavit sworn to by a diamond expert
before a Notary Public. Initial Ring (E) would delight
any man. It's extra heavy and beautifully designed.
My watch suggestions I am proud of. Bulova Watches
are fine timekeepers and great values. The Kent
Watches I show are priced exceptionally low and
are fhe latest styles. My great feature is the Silver*
plate Set with Tablecloth and Napkins. I expect this
to be one of my popular sellers - because of it's
exceptionally low price.

These are just a few of the many values I have.
Choose here and send your order today, or send for
my complete 48-page catalog showing hundreds of
diamonds and watches, jewelry
and silverware, all offered on
my 10-months-to-pay-plan.

Sales Mgr*
a

         » IOBHCC0 £0

     They do the job
they're meant to do

                           Chesterfields arejike that .. . they go about
                           their busiuefig of giving you more smoking
                           pleasure... with a taste, aroma ami mildness
                           that’s all their oicn ... the kind that only the
                           right combination of the world's best ciga-
                           rette tobaccos can give.

Copyright 1939, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.