  TEN FICTION BUH'S MViSl
  FEATURE HOVEL
® YELLOW DEVIL
TONIGHT!
TOM ROAN
  TWO NOVELETTES
®HANG-TREE TRAIL
VMArtVIN DlVRIES
•HOT BLOOD BRANDS
THE CROSSBONE
 6y ROD PATTERSON
•	TRIMNELL* TYLER
•	BRISTER
® RICHARDSON
•REYNOLDS
•	ABBOTT
® DAVIS
i.U/. Sweet
WE WILL SEND ANY ITEM YOU
CHOOSE FOR APPROVAL UNDER
OUR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE
                            ’«$«> FOR
                            FREE CATALOG
       indicate your selection on the coupon be-
low and forward It with $1 and a bftef note giv-
ing your age, occupation, and a. few other fact*
about yourself. We will open annccount for you
and lend your (election to you subject to your
examination. If completely satii^M, pay the Ex-
preiiman the required Dowg^fcyment and the
balance in eaty monthly pcuj^entf. Otherwiie, re-
turn your selection and yain$1 will be refunded.
 ,/C98
 A407/C204, $100
 5 Diamond Engage-
 ment Ring, matching
 S Diamond Wedding
 ■and. 14K yellow or
 18K white Bold. Send
 SI, pay S? nflBMW
 a m i n	iT
 meKtfUng, matching
 5 ClKlUld- Wedding
 Swap* yellow or
 SHitSSoid. Send $1,
 )Kiy 4.30 after ex-
 amination, 4.95 a
 month. a
5	F172	17.50
                                    1 carat genuine Zircon,
                         K	4 gleaming side Zlr-
,	com. 14K yellow or
 i-	* white Gold. Send $1,
 i.	poy $1 after examina-
 tion, $2 a month.
 Include federal Tax
 pay oh
 inallon,
%■> *ev>«*T>
SEND $1 WITH COUPON —PAY BALANCE OF J
DOWN PAYMENT AFTER EXAMINATION. I
L. W. Sweet, 25 West 14th St. (Dept. P23I
New York 11, N. Y.
Enclosed, find SI deposit. Send me No
Price S__ After examination, I agree to
poy S_ ond required balance monthly
thereafter until full price Is paid, otherwise I'll return
selection and you will refund my dollar.
NAME_
ADDRESS-
CITY-
                             -STATE.
 MAIL ORDER DIVISION FINLAY STRAUS, INC.
 25 W. 1 4th St., NEW YORK 11, N. Y. Dept. P23
KSIPTWtt ^
TH/N/Vm TH£HOGS FtSH T/g£Q FROM.
DGAS&lVG TM£MAKK£K, OU£
MvtPOMSxs use me/* parvroaose
w/aeme tc/u wh/le s/u bum am o
m*aWO WATCH7WfSHOW...
  , .JWDl
  J HERE’S
  JA RAZOR.]
  TOO,
    FrHANKl
>Y0U,1
f ..SO NEXT WEEK.
[ MY SHINGLE 30ES ]
UP-'BILL BLANE
CONSTRUCTION,
COMPANY*
'WELL/JUST
I IN TIME TO BID j
ON MY NEW,
PtANT
  MEN.FOR BETtEg-lOOKJNS 8HAVES...OUICK AND
SMOOTH...T*V AMMKKaS LAMMT-MUifM
•COHOm BLADES ...THIN GIUTTOS.THEY'RE
FAR KEENER THAN ORDINARY BLADCS AND LA<T PAR
U5N88R.FURTWR,TH0f FIT YOUR GILLETTE RAZOR
EXACTLY AND PROTECT YOU FROM NICKS AND
IRRITATION. ASK FOR THIN GILLETTES IN THE
10-BLADE PACK WITH THE HANDY
USEO-BLADE COMPARTMENT
ss*-" \	'^5
[I
Gi\\i
 i
m TBWUK flMXAtt HAS COMWKTUEHT R* USD BUWS
VOLUME 41	DECEMBER, 1949	NUMBER 1
      1-—Complete Novel—1
YELLOW DEVIL STARVES TONIGHT!................Tom Roan 10
         Freighter Davt Mohatvk was trading flour—for lives I	'
      2—Feature Novelettes—2
HANG-TREE TRAIL.......................... Marvin DeVries 46
        The problem xvas—to hang Tott Crovet before the real killer showed!
HOT BLOOD BRANDS THE CROSSBONE..........Rod Patterson 82
           Ral Bristow had to eat lead—or the words, "Cow thief I"
      7—Short Storici—7
TROUBLE RIDES FROM TEXAS!. . .......... .Charles W. Tyler 27
        As Davy Mather he had a thousand friends—as the Cimarron Kid not one.
TOO OLD TO DIE!...................Charles D. Richardson, Jr. 35
           To tame a hell-snorter—make him captain of the Vigilantes !
BREED OF THE LAWDOG.....................Richard Brisler 39
           lfs hot lead, not a tin star, that makes a lawman!
GRAB WEAPONS—OR WEEP!...............Robert L, Trinmell 60
           "Easy Johnny” Tighe proved a hard name to live up to.
SANTA CLAUS OF BITTER CREEK................A. C. Abbott 68
         All the trees in the forest didn't make it Christmas for a stranger. . . .
TRUST A DEAD MAN. ..................... . . .W. J. Reynolds 73
           They offered Bill Knight a lawman’s badge—and a killer’s guns!
BUCKSKIN LOBO............................... ,L. C. Davis 76
           It took a trail-blaser even to follow Zenas Leonard’s backtraill
       Western Features
RECORD WRANGLING.........................Arizona Blake 6
MUD AND MARES............................ Roy Vandorgoot 8
NEXT ISSUE (Illustrated)................................... 45
           A preview of L. L. Foreman's "Blase a Wild Trail to Hell!"
ARTISTS OF THE DIAMOND HITCH................J. W. Irving 66
           A long haul on a short rope.
TREASURE OF SAN SABA........................Dave Sands 79
           Indian fighter Jim Bowie cut a wide swath.
         Any retemblance between any character appearing in fictional matter, and any person,
         living or dead, ii entirely coincidental and unintentional.
M (TTOBy WKSTEHN MAGAZINE Is published monthly by Popular PubUoaUona^Ine..	Toronto
 Ontario. Canada. Hanry Bteegar. I'raaldant and Secretary. Harold S. upMi>niltb. Vlca l-ipslil^nl and Treasurer. AulhorlawJ
 bj the Pont Offlo* Department. Ottawa. Canada as second-olws matter. Copyright under IntejnaUonal Copyright Convention
 MUftjPa#-Copyright Conventions. A1J right* reserved, including the right of r*pi«tln'*il«»n. In tvlioitt nr ,n part, in
 U> form. Annual •ubscrlption fl.8o. Whun submitting mwnuoripts wuIom* siau»i*U. n*]f-fccl<Ue-s>ed envelop# for tbatr
 return, if found unavailable. The publishers will exercise tare ;n lile handling of unsolicited manuscript* ma assume na
 MBixmslWUt* lot thali return.	Prlaud In CaaaAa.
MR LON<r...MRSNOR%AND f ALL W£ARSt&40-
webuy Lee for TS.
su*
  .rfVtSHOtrOtTAU .
 Tailored 5^^,
Mr. Long and Mr. Short differ by 9 inches in height and the
man in the middle is average ... yet they all wear the same
waist size. Lee Overalls fit them comfortably and correctly
because exclusive Lee Tailored Sizes provide the perfect
proportions throughout each garment.
lee
Enjoy the greater comfort, better fit and appearance of
Tailored Sizes. When your Work Clothes are LEE you’re
•ore of longer wear ... more washings per garment and a
Money-back Guarantee of Complete Satisfaction.
THE H. D. LEE COMPANY, INC*
IsibrW hr Parmoataf fit
lime's • LEE for Every Job
OwaBi • Untoo-AiU • Motchod
Shim ond Tant! • Dingoim
Rld»r* (Cowboy Fault) • OvaroB
Jackal*
Buy lea Work Gotha*
S taedlof Ham Coaal ta Cooit
Kama CM* Mo. • Mtniipilh
 San PnbkImo, Calif. • So** Baa* M.
Mn. • Tm—
WORLD
LARGEST MANUFACTURER
UNION-MIDI WORK CLOTHES
WHAT
EVERY
MECHANIC WANTS
1800
AllTO
ITS TO KNOW
 Tfcll Mg Practical look glvM Ml Infor-
 mation vMi wortlr
                  ilng diagram corarlag
 Hi* prfrxlplat, contlrvcflea, IgnlHoa,
 tarvfca and rapolr of modarn con,
 trucks and buiai.
 DImiI Enfinti, Hjrdramatle lid
 Fluid Drives Fully Explained.
 A complata Quid* ol 1800 pagat. with
 over 1500 llluitratloni ihowlng Instda
 vlawt of tha working parti, with Inttrvc-
 _/lons for tarvlea [obi.
IT PAYS TO KNOW
 How to fit pl»toni-How to locata angina
 knocks-How to fit connactlng rod baarlng*
 -How fo larvlca main baarlngi-How to ra-
 condltton valvai-How to tlma valvat-How to
 od|uit fan balh-How to od|uit carburetor* and
 chokai - How to rabvlld a dutch -
 How to larvlca automatic tranimli-
 •loni-How to tarvlco brakat-How
 od|uit itaarlng gaar-How to
•ope with Ignition troubla>-How to
•arvlca dlitrlbuton—How to tlma Ig-
•Wo*-How to "tuna up" an angina,
f M COMPLETE • PAY $1 A MO.
4 2MBMOnn
 > op jroor own akin wtth I
■ and i
                                    J to Updorttand. H
                                    lT8 FREE EZXUl
                                    >p*T Poatman.
PT-«--CUT HERE.«..f|
^MAILORDER
A?
Check
NOW!
Too Caw
M(W
AayCMJ,,
Mm four
Own Hobm.
ttart fU
19.
  AUDEL. PublUtlors, 40 W. 23 St, "fj
             lySfy^nych book or lit ■nfiTl
  »• P«ld prto®, otnonrtNl vO return thorn.
  AUTO MECHANICS GUIDE, 1800 pages . . . *4
  DIESEL ENGINE MANUAL. 400 Pages . ...	1
 WELDERS GUIDE. 400 Pip*	1
  MACHINISTS Handy Book, 1600 Pages ...	4
  POWER PUNT ENGINEERS Guide, 1500 Pages.	4
  ENGINEERS & FIREMANS EXAMS. 528 Pages.	1
  PUMPS, Hydraulics 4 Air Compressors, 1658 Pgs.	4
  MARINE ENGINEERS Handy Book. 1280 Paget	4
  ELECTRIC WIRING DIAGRAMS, 210 Pages . .
  ELECTRICIANS EXAMINATIONS. 250 Pagaa.
  ELECTRICAL DICTIONARY. 9000 Terms . . .
  ELECTRIC MOTOR GUIDE, 1000 Pages ....
  HANDY BOOK OF ELECTRICITY, 1440 Pages
  ELECTRICAL POWER CALCULATES. 425 Pgs.
 RADIOMANS GUIDE 975 Peges.......
  ELECTRONIC DEVICES, 216 Pages .
■ AIL
m
TODAY
V
  ENGINEERS & Mechanics Guides (8 Book Set). 12
  Answers on Practical ENGINEERING, 254 Pages
  ELECTRIC LIBRARY, 7000 Pages<12 Book Set). IB
  Vrt«.j.iMiuv1y.vi,Vii,viii,rx,X,xi,xii»i.50E».
 OIL BUftNto Wide, 384 Pages......
  HOUSE HEATING GlJlDE. 1000 Pages ....
  CARPENTERS fi Builders Guides (4 Book Set).
  PLUMBERS & Stearefitters Guides <4 Book Set).
  MASONS & Builders Guides (4 Book Sal) . . .
 BLUE PRINT READING, 416 Pages.....
  PAINTERS S DECORATORS MANUAL,450 Pgs.
  GARDENERS & GROWERS Guides (4 Book Set).
  REFRIGERATION & Air Conditioning, 1280 Pgs.
  SHEET METAL WORKERS Handy Book. 388 Pgs.
  SHEET METAL PATTERN LAYOUTS. 1100 Pp.
 AIRCRAFT WORKER. 240 Pages.......
  MECHANICAL DRAWING GUIDE, 160 Paget.
  MECHANICAL DRAWING & DESIGN, 480 Pp.
  MATHEMATICS 6 CALCULATIONS, 700 Pp..
  MECHANICAL Dictionary. 968 Pages.....
  MILLWRIGHT! a Mechanics Guide, 1200 Pgs.
p.r.fc
Record
Wrangling
By ARIZONA
BLAKE
HOWDY, tophands. Here we an
again in the old platter-chattei
corral, ready for a roundup of
some of the exciting new Western diskj
you folks shouldn’t be missing.
  At the same time, because we figur«
tunes are a lot more interesting when
you know something about the fellows
who have waxed them, we’re taking tim«
for a little chin-music about your favorite
Western warblers and cowboy bands
We’ve also got a tale about a certain
smash-hit Western tune that's spreading
all over the world faster than a runaway
prairie fire.
  This song is one that’s been breaking
records as an All-American favorite. Not
to keep you guessing any longer, folk*
it goes by the handle of "BUTTONS
AND BOWS, the movie-cowboy song
which won an Academy Award recently,
and which you probably heard sung in
that comedy film, “The Paleface.” We’ve
gotten a whispered report that this tune
has become a favorite in Moscow and it’s
a juke-box hit in Denmark and Norway.
Only, translated into Scandinavian, BUT-
TONS AND BOWS has becomo
NYLON OG NIPS.
(Plecut continue oh page 93)
THOUSANDS ROW PUT
who never thought they could!
■■ Ju              
a* :          #    
    .. • • ■' ■ft' 
. V . v. ■ X‘ 'C   
 V • ■ •"?,>* ;v   
: - 0.             
                   
A* - '             
Wouldn't T«Im $1000 for Com
The limn an se staple that urw on
ODteatud them. I hare Usraed to star
hr not* In a little man than a month. I
wouldn't l>b ft rtmwiiil dollars for mj
•a. K. A.. Kaniftft Cltr. Mo.
■ \          
             
% *2*" ■■n ■ 
             
'J*r-        
•»           
             
You, too, can play any instrument
By this EASY A-B-C Method
Finding New Joy
I fta flndin* a i
srpeeisnoed
I” I	bMM*. f0» 1
tan ihnn wanted to play, bat
had £rm ap hop* until I heard
Of NV OOUTM.
•& S.	Okla.
   .* <-            
               ] ;% 
              , j.' 
    ;* "            
"            '■J'   
                    
               m... 
:4                  
Mays After 2 Months 
I kssltated before seDdlnn for your
wotm because uf an earlier ex-
perience I b«d with ft oouree by
Mr from another company. 1 am
(tftylni pieces now I never dreamed
I would play after only two month*.
•E. T. Prichard. Ala.
pupils' namei on request,
by professional modalft.
YOU think lt'« difficult to learn
mualo? That’s what thousands
of others have thought! Just like
you. they long: to play some instru-
ment— the piano, violin, guitar,
saxophone or other favorites. But
they denied themselves the pleas-
ure—because they thought It took
months and years of tedious study
to learn.
Learn in Spare Time at Heme
  And then the; made an amazing dis-
covery I They learned about a wonderful
war to learn muaic at home—without a
private teaoher—without tedlouB study—
and In a surprisingly short time. They
wrote to the U. S. School of Music for the
facts about this remarkable short-cut
method. And the facts
opened their eyesl They — ——mmmm,
were amazed to find how
easy it was to learn.
  The result T Over 850.000
men and women have stud-
ied musio at homo this sim-
ple, A-B-C way. Now, all
over the world, enthusiastic
music-lovers are enjoying
the thrilling satisfaction of
creating their own music.
They have found the key to
good times, popularity and
profit.
spare time at home for only a few eehte
a day. Never mind If you have no musical
knowledge or talent. Just read the fas-
cinating booklet and Print and Picture
sample that explain all about the U. 8.
School method. (Instruments supplied
when needed, cash or credit.) Tear out the
coupon now, before you turn the ps
U. S. School of
Music. 8971 2
Brunswick Bldg.,
New York 10. N.Y.
(61st year)
FREE!
Print and Picture
     Sample
NOTICI
 Please don’t confuae
 our method wltb any
 ay stem* claiming to
 taach "without mu-
 ale” or "by ear”. W#
 teach you easily and
 quickly to play real
 muaic, any mualo by
 standard notes — not
 by any trick or num-
 ber system.
iiSEL
Costs only few cents a Day
  And that's what you can
do, right now. Gst ths proof
that you, too, can learn to
play your favorite instru-
ment — quickly, easily, in
I V. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC.
1 36712 Brunswick Bldg., New York 10, N. Y.
J 1 am Interested In music study. particularly In the Instrument
■	checked below. Please send me your free illustrated booklet
■	•■[low tn I.‘Rrn Music at Home”, and your free Print and
I Picture 8amDle.
J Plano	Saxophone	Clarinet
• Guitar	Trumpet, Cornet Trombone
■	Hawaiian	Reed Organ	Flute
I Guitar Tenor Banlo Modern
■	Violin	Ukulele	Elementary
I Plano Acoordlon Harmony
■	Mr.	Have you
| Miss....................................Instrumentf
J Mrs.	(Pleaae print)
Practical
Finger
Control
 Plocolo
Mandolin
 Address.
I
I City.................................... State...............
| NOTE: If you are under 18 years of age, parent mustsUn coupon.
 SAVE 20 — STICK COUPON ON PENNY POSTCARD
MUD AND MARES
    A year after gold was discovered in California, over 50,000 per-
sons had passed by ship through the Golden Gate. Crews deserted
the moment mudhooks dropped in Yerba Buena cove. Over five hundred
deserted vessels rotted at their moorings, many sank where they had
anchored.
    Rooms were at a premium. The clipper ship Niantic was sunk
close to the mucky shore to form the foundation for the Niantic hotel.
It became famous overnight.
    The cheapest room in San Francisco rented for from two to three
hundred dollars a month, pay in advance. Sleeping space on bench or
table fetched from two to ten dollars for an eight-hour sgooze. You
furnished the blankets, the landlord the lice.
    The rainy season of 1849-50 converted unpaved streets into bog-
holes. Entire wagons sank from sight. Horses and mules drowned.
So did fools and drunks. Not to mention women.
    Since the miners didn't want to lose the latter, something was
done. Brush by the wagonload was dumped into the muck, along with
boxes and barrels still crammed with merchandise, cases of tobacco,
bags of Chilean flour, and cookstoves still uncrated.
    At the corner of Clay and Kearny, in the heart of town, a wag
erected a sign:
THIS STREET IS IMPASSABLE;
NOT EVEN JACKASSABLE.
    Now, a century later, matters are somewhat improved. You can
venture across in safety—provided you own an army tank.
    It is well-known that millions of split-hoofs (cows) went up the
Chisholm Trail. What isn't so familiar to most persons is that hun-
dreds of thousands of solid hoofs (horses) ajso went to market that
way, but not for meat.
    When the North West became cow-conscious, the ranchers soon
discovered that eastern horses, of European stock, couldn't begin to
measure up in toughness to the cowponies of the South West. Of
Spanish stock, these hardy little animals had been toughened by three
centuries of plains life. •
    Once the North West ranchers got that through their noggins,
a great demand for brood mares of the Texas cow pony developed.
Soon Texas cowmen were driving entire herds of horses north along
the Chisholm Trail. These horses, almost worthless at home because
of an over supply, fetched good prices at Dodge City, Abilene and
Ogallala.
    About a hundred thousand horses traveled the trail north in 1884
alone. The estimated total that traveled the trail till sodbusters
fences closed it, reached close to the million mark.
By ROY VANDERCOOT
8
o.
   'mb or two promotions . . .
several pay raises . . . and then
that long, long stretch "on the
shelf." You want to keep on climb-
ing. You want to feel that you are
getting somewhere. But how?
  L C. S. can show you. A little
more training could be all you need
to get back in the upswing. An
advanced course or a “refresher”
—studied in your spare time—will
help prepare you for the next step,
will show that you are ready to
handle more responsibility, a
better job.
  Trained men get the "breaks”!
That’s a fact proved over and over
again by the records of former
I. C. 8. students.
  You don’t want to bog down in
your job. You don’t want to remain
"on the shelf’ with the untrained.
M«A the coupon today for complete
information on how you can join
the steady climbers.
INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
                                 APPROVED j
WftMt eeel ee obflgaflon, pleeae Mid me
  Air Conditioning and
  Plumbing Courses
Q Mr Conditioning
Q mating	□ Plumbing
□	Refrigeration	□ Steam Fitting
  Chemical Court**
   Chemical Engineering
   Chemistry, Analytical
   Chemlatty, Indintrlal
   Chemistry, Ml* Iron A Steel
   Petroleum Refining	□ Plssllcs
   Palp and Paper Making
   Civil Engineering, Architec-
   tural and Mining Courses
E Architecture
   Architectural Drafting
   Bridge and Building Foreman
   Building Estimating
   Civil Engineering
   Coal Mining
   Contracting and Building
   Highway Engineering
   Lumber Dealer
   Reading Structural Blueprints
   Sanitary Engineering
   Structural Drafting
MiarflMlniMtti
Communloetleni CeuriM
§ Electronic*
Practical Telephony
Radio, Qwnl □ Radio Operating
□	Radio Servtdng	□ Television
□	Telegraph Engineering
Electrical Course*
□	Electrical Drafting
□	Electrical Engineering
□	Electric Light and Powaf
□	Lighting Technician
□	Practical Electrician
Internal Combuetlon
Engines Coureee
□	Auto Technician	□ Aviation
S Diesel-Electric
Diesel Engines □ Gas Engines
Machanloal Course*
□	Aeronautical Engineer's, Jr.
□	Aircraft Drafting □ Flight Engineer
□	Forging	□ Foundry Wort
□	Heat Treatment of Metali
S Industrial Engineering
Industrial Instrumentation
iheet-Metal Worker
Shlo Drafting	Q Ship Fttbn| r
Tool Desirninc Q ToolmakJng
Welding *	1
I Dadntac __
I tngleeerlnf
) Welding—Gas ead Dedrlt
Railroad Coureae
I Air Brake	□ Car Inspector
) Diesel Locomotive
) Locomotive Engineer
) Locomotive Fireman
I Locomotive Machinist
) Railroad Section Foremao
J Steem-Dlesel Loco. Eng.
Stationary EngVo Coureae
] BollermakJn*
) Combustion Engineering
] Engine Running
] Marina Engineering
] Pewer Plant EngYf □ Steam En*.
Buelnaae and
Aoadamla Coureaa
1 Accounting	n Advertising
J Apg. Psfoho*ogy OBookkeeplng
J Business Administration
] But. Correspondence □ Baa. Law
J Certified Pub Ik Accounting
] Commercial □ Commercial Art
1 Cost Accounting
J Federal Tax □ First Year CoIIeio
J Foremanshlp	□ French
5 Good English	□ High School
] Higher Mathematics □ Illustration
) Industrial Supervision
] Motor Traffic □ Postal Civil Service
] Retailing □ Retail Bus. Management
3 Salesmanship	□ Secretarial
] Sim Lettering
j Spanish	□ Stenography
j Traffic Management
 Hama.
 Ctty—
 Position-
 _Age_
 -State-
 _Homa Address.
 -Working’!
 -A.M. to_
 _P.M.
 Employed by.
Unfth ol Sendee In
World War ll_
Enrollment endet 0.1. Bill approved for World Wit II Veterens. Special lulHoe rain to meoben ol (he Armed Fores.
__ Canadian resident, send coupon to International Correspondence Schools Canadian. Ltd.. Montreal. Canada.
Freighter Dave Mohawk had cheap
Mow for ft/low Devil—If yea didn’t
coawt tho cost la lives of blasting a
trail through Paa Can folio's hard case
hordol
Cantello, Rubaney, and tha
fat Judge Talbutt war*
caught in midair as thay
YELLOW DEVIL
STARVES TONIGHT!
   Smashing Novel
   of Gold-Tra.il War
By TOM ROAN
 _____
e"^" PukycUoJuf PaAA>
       It wa* hotter than the hubs of fury
that late-August afternoon when Young
Dave Mohawk pulled rein on the south
lip of Hell Dive Pass.
  Behind him the uncertain old gold trail
had led upward, from the start an almost
obliterated streak devil-bent on losing it-
self in buck-brush, manzanita thickets,
scrub-oak and aspen clouding the east
rim of the river. That was four days ago,
Tuesday morning at dawn. In scores of
places the rock-walled east bank had been
covered with yards-thick layers of long-
dry mud, the bends choked with drift-
12
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
wood matted with vines and creepers
brought down by roaring spring floods
and unpredictable cloudbursts had made
Yellow Devil Canyon one of the most
treacherous and dangerous hell-holes in
the high California Sierras.
  Many men in Indian Valley—still only
thirty-odd miles behind to southward—
had said that any outfit trying to reopen
Yellow Devil Trail would "be tackling the
impossible. Mohawk had been called a
fool, but Hell Dive Pass was at hand, two
towering peaks against the sky. Below
him the river appeared to drop completely
away, the narrowing and twisting walls of
the canyon, overhanging giant shelves,
and ragged crags hiding it, making it ap-
pear as a great gushing of white-whipped
water tearing from the mouth of an im-
mense dark cavern.
  Men with a dozen yokes of powerful
oxen still labored behind him with scrap-
ers, plows, crow-bars and axes, clearing
the last barrier at the foot of an upward
curving shelf, the final steep rise to the
top. Behind those men, creeping up as
the trail was cleared, was a train of huge
old freighter wagons loaded with tons and
tons of supplies for Yellow Devil Basin,
the once-dead and nearly-forgotten old
Chinese ghost town that had set the coun-
try afire in the early spring with another
big gold strike that had brought people
pouring in from everywhere.
  Expecting trail that would yet have to
be cleared on the north slopes, he turned
to ride on, reaching the level floor of the
pass, shelves and ledges in the sides of
the peaks above him. The air changed
now, a cool wind striking him. Suddenly
he was pulling up, surprise filling his
face under the wide brim of a black hat,
right hand dropped close to the butt of a
long Colt.
66TTOWDY, pardnci. The speaker
was an enormously fat, red-jowled
man in ill-fitting gray, face covered with
a week-old sandy beard, his eyes two pale
blue buttons. He sat on a nail keg at
the right side of the trail, behind , an up-
ended whiskey barrel, a six-foot umbrella
of ragged brown canvas over him. Six-
shooters were at his hips. Across the top
of the barrel lay two double-barreled
shotguns, each a short, sawed-down thing.
“Kinda warm, ain’t it!” the man said.
  "Hot is a better word,” nodded Mo-
hawk, wondering what was coming next.
“How’s the trail on down the slope and
into Yellow Devil Basin?”
  “Fair shape now, all eight miles of it.”
The man had leaned forward, fat hands
resting on a shotgun. “It’ll cost a fella
like yuh, just a man on a horse, only two
dollars too, charge flat on the barrel head
to ride on an’ see for yoreself.”
  “So that's why you're here.” A thin
smile hardened Mohawk’s lips. “Who’s
claiming this as a toll trail?”
  “Fan Cantello an’ Ranee Rubaney,
down in Yellow Devil.” Sitting back, the
man slid one of the shotguns from the
barrel head to his lap, a quiet move with
a sinister meaning. “I’m Sam Trigg. Fat
Sam, some most generally usually call me
’cause I’m kinda portly, yuh see. I work
for Fan an’ Ranee. Gettin’ the trail open
agin atter it lyin’ untouched for years
has cost a lot of money, but it’ll save a
lot of miles an’ time, bein’ the only direct
way nigh straight into Yaller Devil Basin,
cuttin’ four days at least off of any other,
if yuh know what I mean. Some are
gonna maybe kick, no matter the trou-
ble an’ money Fan an’ Ranee has been
put to, but that’s to be expected, I reckon.
Some people just naturally kick about any-
thing.”
  “And what,” Mohawk’s eyes had nar-
rowed, “do you expect to collect for
wagons going over the trail?”
  “From ten to thirty dollars for things
on wheels, pardner.” Sam Trigg had
something in his huge fat facc that might
have been called a smile. “Big charge is
for freight outfits, of course. They’re
hard on a trail, an’ them that don’t wanta
pay—well, they talk to me an’ this.” He
lifted the shotgun from his lap into both
hands now, fondling the hammers. “It
packs a two-barrel charge of buckshot,
enough lead to cut a fella in half.”
  “An’ speakin’ of guns,” put in an-
other voice between sixty and seventy feet
above Sam Trigg's umbrella, “we don’t
know exact as to what’s in your mind
but I wouldn’t go reachin’ for one, Mr.
Mohawk.”
  Dave Mohawk looked up. Standing on
the edge of a wide shelf of rock were six
big-hatted men, four garbed in buckskins,
YELLOW DEVIL STARVES TONIGHTI
13
two in homespun jeans. Three of them
held double-barreled shotguns, the others
long rifles, the weapons slanted down-
ward, a bearded grin of cocksuredness on
each man’s face. Around their middles
sloped cartridge belts, a six-shooter
loosened in its holster at every hip.
  “We don’t aim to start a fuss or a
fight.” A tall, rusty-haired, rusty-faced
man in buckskins with a long, curving
nose was speaking again. “Just aim to
back Fat Sam in such as he says or does.
Plumb law-abidin’ to the last fella, we
are, an’ the law’s behind us for all this.
That means we don’t give a good Gaw>
damn whether yuh or anybody else is
gonna like it or not. We are the law here.
Would that be right clear to yuh or must
I go over it agin?”
IT WAS a clear hold-up. There was
nothing new' about it. Hold-ups were
everywhere, in one form or another from
the lone stage coach bandit staking his
life behind a pair of six-shooters to
crooked lawyers scheming, fat-bellied
judges backing them, supposed officers
who were nothing more than professional
gunmen sent out with badges on their
chests.
 Young Dave Mohawk had heard of
Fan Cantello and Ranee Rubaney, two
smart wolves always to be found in the
thick of things, especially when it came to
new diggings, gold and silver rushes, any-
where there were dance halls, gambling
parlors, honky-tonks and people enough
to make it worth while.
  Gold was where one found it, and a
Chinese prospector had been the first to
stumble upon it in the deep basin ahead.
Few were the white men who had
bothered themselves about the basin once
Chinamen had given the basin up as
worked-out and useless. True to the
Chinaman’s wily way, rarely a people to
advertise fortune or misfortune, no one
had ever known just how much gold
had been taken out of Yellow Devil Basin,
the name white men had givjen it when
they had found their paths blocked, the
yellow men firmly making them keep
their distance.
  In the spring it had taken' one worn-
out Ben Beck, an aged prospector con-
sidered little more than half-witted, to
make the big strike, the outside worid up
and down California going wild with the
story as soon as it had broken. Reports
had it that Ben Beck had already lost
his claim, the law moving in, shotgun
deputies and six-gun marshals backing
the play and letting other men take oyer
the diggings.
  “The price can go up, but it won’t go
down, an’ that’s a cinch, pardner.” Fat
Sam Trigg was chuckling now, appearing
to enjoy his position of absolute authority
here all the way to the bottom of his huge
belly. “She goes up just by my sayin’
so if a fella gets tough an’ wants to make
us trouble. It’s best to pay without com-
plaint an’ save yoreself a hell of a lot
of money. I can turn wagons back an'
not let ’em through a-tall. The law’s
right down clear on that. Each one of
them fellas above me is a marshal, duly
sworn. ”
  Young Dave Mohawk was sitting
there, an object of ridicule and knowing
it. These men held all the advantage. If
a man tried to fight back anything could
happen to him. These men could shoot
him out of his saddle and call it resisting
an arrest, and that would be the end of it.
  “It’ll be a little hard, I kinda sorter
reckon.” Fat Sam was keeping up that
hellish chuckling, big belly quivering. Yuh
have seventeen extra-big freighters.
Them’ll cost yuh exact five hundred an’
ten dollars to gt,' on through. Them four
lighter wagons—well, Mr. Mohawk,” his
blue button eyes were actually mocking
now, “let’s lump the works at six hun-
dred flat. Plumb fair, aia’t it?”
  “You know a damned sight better than
that, Trigg!” Mohawk had held himself
as long as he could. “This <« a plain hold-
up. The men behind me have opened the
trail nearly all the way to Indiau Valley
after it has gone untouched for y.an:. Fan
Cantello and Ranee Rubaney ha-*en’t
spent a dime on it. I doubt that they spsnt
a dime on the rest of it from here to tV*«!
basin.”
  “Now, yo’re talkin’. Young Dave Mj-
hawk!’’ put in a new voice. “Nary damned
dime, nary damned penny, would either ot
them two dirty-gutted thieves ever spend
anywhere! They’re the filth of hell, the
scum of Missouri hawgpens. A meaner
pair never blowed out of the damned!
14
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
There ain’t nothin’ on earth half so dirty
an’ low unless it's men who work for ’em
an’ with ’em, like this gang of stinkin’
buzzards here.”
EVERYBODY was looking up or try-
ing to look by this time. The six
gunmen on the ledge were like frozen
apes with their mouths flapped open, only
their heads turned, eyes glaring* un-
ashamed fear suddenly filling every face.
Sam Trigg seemed to have shrunken on
the keg. With a short lurch he had let
the shotgun drop back on the head of the
barrel as if it had suddenly become so
hot his hands could no longer hold it.
The blood drained from his huge face as
he now sat with his fat neck twisted, try-
ing to look up, the umbrella spoiling the
sight for him.
  No ghost straight from hell could have
had more effect on men. But it was just
one man up there, standing on a narrow
spur of rock, a perch for an eagle, a slip
meaning a plunge to sudden death. He
was twenty feet above the men on the
shelf, a figure in time-battered and faded
buckskins that were once made for a man
of six feet four, a chest on him that might
have belonged to a Spanish bull. Now he
looked older than the hills, so gaunt and
hollow-eyed he might have been something
long-buried and just dug up again, the
mould of the grave on him, the fire of the
damned in those sunken dabs of pale and
dry eyes. Across the crook of his left arm
was a long rifle, at hi* hips six-shooters,
and a twelve-inch knife that had cut
throats and ripped hearts awinging down
his lean belly in a ragged sheath.
  "Da-Mfl-mw/" gasped the rusty-head
on the ledge, voice a dragged-out wheeze.
“It—it’s Pleasant Spurlock!”
  "Naw!” Sam Trigg half-rolled, half-
squashed himself off the nail keg, eyes
looking as if they were about to bulge
from their sockets as he stared upward.
“Plez Spurlock’s dead! Dead an’ gone to
hell r
  “Dead ?” The ghost on the spur laughed
a hollow sound, speaking now in a quar-
relsome monotone. “I’ve been dead an’
buried so many times I’ve forgot the
count. Dead an’ buried an’ dug myownself
up to ride, to shoot, to fight an’ knife agin.
There’s *eren here to one, not countin’
the young fella on the hoss whose daddy,
some say, has been my friend through
thick an’ thin, but nary one of yuh with
guts enough to fight. I'm the meanest
man yuh ever looked eyeball to eyeball,
bad as it’s painin’ all yuh seven to the
bottom-pits of yore yaller guts right now,
an’ ever’ one of yuh know it.
  “Dump that barrel, that keg an’ um-
brella thing over the rim—an’ don’t keep
me waitin’. Drop all yore hardware where
yuh stand or squat, like the hell-scared an'
gutless damn swine yuh are. Git back to
Yaller Devil Basin. Tell Ranee Rubaney
an’ Fan Cantello yo’ve seen me an’ I’m
settin’ in on their show.
  “Well, damn yuh, are you deef!”
     On the ledge they were six to one.
The old ghost above them could have been
swept from his narrow perch by a light-
ning swing-around and a sudden blazing
of weapons already in the hands of those
men. Not yet had he made a move to
touch a six-shooter at either hip, the rifle
merely lying across the crook of his lean
old arm, the grin of a mocking devil leer-
ing down. In a scared outburst of gab-
bling and sputtering Fat Sam found his
voice again.
  “Don’t—uh—don’t try to mix it with
’im, boys!” he gulped, looking as if some-
thing was choking him. “I—I didn’t take
this fool job just to have Plez Spurlock
kill me stoppin’ the first wagon outfit to
come along! Don’t rile ’im! If—if he
blows loose an’ kills one lie’ll kill the
whole damn works ’fore he quits shoot-
in’!”
  In leas than a minute the shot-gun hold-
up that had been so comfortably lodged
here at the side of the trail had become
a thing of the past. The whiskey barrel,
the keg and umbrella had gone off over
the nearest lip of rock overhanging the
canyon on the north side of the pass, then
down and down into bouncing and shat-
tering bits scattering all the way to the
river and into it. With a wild snatch-off
of his hat, Fat Sam Trigg was gone also,
around a bend and down the trail toward
Yellow Devil Basin as if turned to a
bouncing barrel himself on two short kgs.
YELLOW DEVIL STARVES TONIGHT!
13
  There was no fight in the men on the
ledge. Fat Sam was their boss up here,
and they had seen how he had taken it.
Six-shooters, shotguns and rifles had been
carefully lowered to the ledge, men pale
as they lifted their hands, mean old eyes
above watching every move, a hellish leer
mocking them. In a line they turned,
moving away slowly as if a quick move
even now might start them falling dead
in their tracks. Before they had gone
far their pace was quickening. Soon their
steps were becoming long strides, then a
wild run, every man snatching off his hat.
A shoulder of rocks hid them as they
scurried on, heading for horses waiting
for them somewhere down the ledges.
  "Thanks to Pleasant Spurlock!” Dave
Mohawk’s big hat came off with a swing
as he turned in his saddle, looking up,
trying to see an old scarecrow figure who
had suddenly vanished. “I—I—”
11	'HE GHOST of the spur was gone,
just as he had come, like something
suddenly taking shape out of the thin air,
like something suddenly vanishing back
into it. Murdock called up several times
to where he had stood, but there was no
answer. The only sound in any direction
for more than a minute was the distant
beat of hoofs somewhere down the ledge,
that faint drumming dying away into the
basin. Then yokes creaked in the other
direction, and Murdock swung toward the
sounds, the brass-tipped horns on the
heads of oxen beginning to rise from the
south slopes of Hell Dive Pass, his long-
delayed outfit coming up at last. Once
over the high hump here the rest would
be down grade.
  He had to be careful with anything he
said now. Counting all hands, there were
twenty one drivers, seven freight-buckers
and one all-around troubleshooter in the
outfit. Only a few of them would be real
fighting men used to guns and knives
being pitted against them without waver-
ing.
  All of them would lift a brow when he
told them that old Pier Spurlock had ap-
peared here on the paas. Young Dare
Mohawk had been out here for seventeen
years, coming west in a wagon train whan
“ulicESS
DESIGNED FROM THE INSIDE OUT
TO GIVE MORE HOURS OF
BRIGHT LIGHT
Sealed In Sled and Platllc
 witb th« tough plastic
 outer casing and the steel
 *’*’ cap machine-sealed di-
 rectly into the batterj top to prevent
 power loss.
 Modtrn In Styling with functional design
 that results in sleek, attrac-
 tive appearance and added
 protection by more effec-
 tively insulating the zinc
 can. The engineering skill
 and know-how that has made BUR-
 GESS first choice of scientists and ex-
 plorers for years has now created an-
 other first for flashlight users everywhere.
 Engineered Design
 of this new construc-
 tion permits the as*
 of a maximum
 amount of energy producing raw
 materials to make a big, full-size
 battery witb longer life.
            Chroma Protection
            keeps BURGESS
            fresn and ready
            longer baaaasa ft
            curbs interior action
            in the battery whan
            your flashlight is not in use.
 Suy riiue new SUtOHI
 ler/M NO W—at beNar dsataia
                     Plainly Dated to as-
      sure you that every
      • BURGESS Flash-
      light Battary is
      bash and strong.
     Ouaraittead by tha maker whose
                 reputation for auality and depend-
                 ability has made
                 i BURGBSS the fore-
                 most name in radio
                 batteries.
* BURGESS
16
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE „
he wa« ten, and he had heard of this wild
man of the hills and valleys since the day
he had landed in California. Many men
thought of him as nothing less than a
devil, an outlaw and a terrorist.
  Like most noted frontiersmen, Plez
Spurlock was supposed to have been
everywhere and done everything. He had
been rich a dozen times, gambler, trader,
scout, captain of wagon trains crawling
over the California, the Spanish, the Mor-
mon and the Oregon Trails. In rousing
gold camps he had been rated as king of
the bonanza many times, rich one day and
poor the next, envied, hated, cursed and
damned, yet a man with friends who
would still swear by him.
  An hour ago the link-up of Plez Spur-
lock’s name would not have been a good
one with that of a man just starting an
extra tough freight hauling contract in
these high hills and dark canyons. After
the attempted hold-up here one could ex-
pect anything, more and more troubles
facing him, and even Satan’s name might
be a welcome one to receive before this
long job was running smoothly, loads of
supplies going into Yellow Devil Basin,
tons of gold ore coming out in twice-
weekly stream*.
  Whistling Pete Ford, a one-eyed hare-
lipped giant red-head, was the man to talk
to and let him pass the story back through
the train in his own way. Ford had been
trouble-shooter and the riding wagon boss
since the start, going up and down the
line to keep things in trim, getting the
big freighters to rolling as soon as the
slid«« were cleared ahead. He suddenly
appeared now, spurring up and galloping
around the first wagon on a tall, sweaty
bay.
  "First four wagons turn out here for
camp I” He swung to his right, waving
toward a small flat. “Let the others keep
aclim’in’ as long as yo’ve got ’em rollin’!”
  Mohawk spurred in beside him, taking
only a minute to briefly outline what had
happened, the giant listening intently,
good right eye narrowing to a golden but-
ton, the black square of felt over the
socket of his left appearing to tighten
on the rawhide string around his head.
He swore a couple of times in a whisper,
face harder than rock.
Spm'xxk ain’t a bird I’d like to
have in my string, Dave,” he frowned,
hare lip making a little whistly flutter,
“but I’d yonder feel safer if he was on
my side instead of agin me.
  "Only one thing I’m glad about.” He
grinned now. “I never had any trouble
with Plez Spurlock. The few times I saw
’itn I think he sorter liked me, an’ I know
yore daddy was his friend. He won’t for-
get, never. We’ll just go on through.
If he said the trail was clear, then she's
clear. Plez won’t lie to yuh.”
MOHAWK was leading the way on
for the big freighters a short time
later. For two hours they were going
down a grea,t, twisting shelf that was like
the wide brim of an enormous hat in the
face of the cliffs. Dangerous rocks hung
overhead in scores of places, troughs here
and there where roaring slides could come
down. There was no evidence of any
work having been on the trail for years,
but it was clear enough. Downhill now,
the long yokes of cattle could walk with
slacked chains, only the wheel-yoke*
having to swing the tongues here and
there at the bends. Bullwhackers on the
high seats were constantly applying their
brakes until they struck a round flat
mottled with fantastic knolls that was the
floor of the basin itself.
  Whistling Pete Ford came galloping
up now, a grin on his face, the good eye
sparkling with satisfaction.
  “There’s yore town ahead of us, Dave.
Yuh can bet we’re bein’ watched right
now—an’ some things not nice,” his grin
widened, "is being said about us.”
  Bending westward, the sun gone be-
hind the mountains ahead of them, they
had come up a smooth, slight rise between
a pair of those queer-shaped knolls that
somehow reminded one of a great, sullen
Buddha sitting at either side of the trail.
All around them now loomed cliffs and
crags, forming a monstrous hole six or
seven thousand feet deep here in the sky-
high reach of the mountains, the floor of
it no more than three miles across at the
widest place.
  The river was ahead of them, so flat
and shallow here it was more than eighty
yards across, the water unwhipped and
clear as it whispered over a bed of almost
perfectly smooth rock. Beyond it waa
YELLOW DEVIL STARVES TONIGHT!
1ZI
the town. From the distance of yet a
mile away it might have been something
plucked from the heart of old Qiina and
dropped here in the middle of the tower-
ing California-Sierras.
  As far as the old part of the town every
mud and stone house was standing just
as the yellow men had left it, the streets
narrow and floored with natural rock. It
filled a near-round little pocket there in
the foot of the cliffs at the west side of
the basin, two outward-curving walls of
rock and mud guarding it, a tiny, veil-
like waterfall shimmering down at the far
end of it. Outside the wall now were
new houses, shacks, tents, a few covered
wagons and carts, the old town turned
into gambling dives, saloons, honky-tonks
and stores. At every hand outside were
new diggings, fresh earth brought to the
top of the ground, scores of men and even
women laboring with rockers or standing
barefooted in the water panning for gold
up and down the river.
  “An* yonder, a'ready, comes a greeter
party!” Whistling Pete Ford nodded to-
ward the break under a high log beam
in the wall of the old town. “Won’t be
long now before our ears start burnin’
with what they’ll have to say about us.”
  Mohawk merely nodded in turn, blue
eyes studying six horsemen galloping to-
ward them, recognizing them even from
the distance as the men who had been so
cocksure of themselves on the high ledge
back in Ilell Dive Pass. Back here in
the shadows of their masters they would
probably be better fighting dogs. Each
man carried a shining-new double bar-
reled shotgun across his lap, new cartridge
belts around him, the unblemished butts
of six-shooters gleaming at every hip. In
addition, as if to be more awe-inspiring
with authority, each man wore a glitter-
ing, brand-new marshal’s star pinned to
the left side of his shirt.
C“”T" 74*idUto&tufi 'MpsiUUuj.
     “If the war starts,” growled Whis-
tling Pete as they stopped to let their
horses drink in the middle of the river,
“try to center ever’ ball on one of them
little tin badges an’ blow it through a
dirty heart 1”
  The gunmen had come to the other side
of the stream, pulling up in a little cloud
of dust. Two were spurring their horses
to the right, two to the left. The other
pair pulled in the center of the trail, a
somewhat nervous but evil leer on each
face as Mohawk and Whistling .Pete
quietly rode on and up the slight rise.
The rusty-looking red-head spoke.
  “Yuh asked for trouble, Mohawk. Yuh
get it. Damn it, the law’s the law!”
“The law?” Dave Mohawk rode
straight on to him and pulled up on the
man’s right with the toes of their stirrups
a short yard apart. “Who in hell ever
said there was any law in Yellow Devil
Basin but Fan Cantello and Ranee Ru-
baney! ”
  “No matter who says it or don’t, we've
got it!” snarled back the red-head. Rules
ever’body has to go by whether they like
’em or not. Naturally there’s got to be
fees an’ charges for this an’ that to keep
things agoin’—”
  Mohawk cut him off, lifting his left
hand. “We won’t go into that. We’re
here with tons of supplies to cut the high-
way robbery price of flour down from a
dollar a pound—”
  “Yuh ain’t here to cut nothin’!” ripped
back the red-head. “Yuh got this train
through this far, but unless yuh pay up
like yo’re supposed to pay, then I warn
yuh that you'll never get a wagon in yore
outfit back to Indian Valley. Yo’ve got
to go see Fan an’ Ranee, an’—uht”
Unable to stand that snarling lip any
longer, Dave Mohawk had jabbed a spur
to his horse, lunging him forward, right
fist coming up and in like a maul on a
swinging handle. A furious blow drove
straight to the red-head’s mouth and nose.
The red-head rocked back in his saddle,
feet flying up, spilling heavily to the
ground. Before the man on the left could
get out of the way a lightning hand had
caught him by the shoulder, snatching
him out of his saddle and hurling that
surprised bully down atop the dazed red-
head.
  “He starts fast when he starts!” yelled
Whistling Pete, a pair of cocked six-
shooters filling his hands, mean good eye
flashing right and left. “Let’s go, law,
an’ finish ’er up! Let’s go, I say, let’s
go! Reach for yore hardware an’ then
18
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
hit hell feet-first!” His voice rose high.
  “Law, hell!” The yowl came from a
bare-footed, bare-legged old man who
had been panning for gold in the river a
few minutes ago. “There ain’t no damned
law in this forgotten, hell-cussed Chink
hole! No law ’cept Fan Cantello an’
Ranee Rubaney!”
  Peaceful-Iooking people who had been
working up and down the river had sud-
denly dropped everything and were press-
ing forward. Six-shooters, old pistols or
knives hung at the hips of the men.
Women were following them with shovels,
picks or knotty clubs of driftwood. One
gaunt Missouri woman carried a round
rock as large as her fist in each hand,
sudden war in her pale eyes. She started
screeching, her voice as mean and bitter
as the squawking of a fighting magpie.
  “I heard what this young feller said
'bout dollar a pound flour! He didn’t say
two dollars a pound for cheap brown sugar
as hard as a rock an’ filled with sand an’
aswarmin’ with ants! He didn’t say three
dollars for cheap damn green coffee ye
have to roast yerself—when ye get the
hellfired gravel an’ dirt out of it! Kill
’em, mister, kill ’em, an’, by Gawd, I’ll
help ye!”
  “Somebody reach for a gun, somebody
reach!" Whistling Pete Ford was yelling
his head off, backing his horse now, army-
fashion, with the rowels of his spurs
pressed against the animal’s shoulders.
"If yo’ve got the guts of a body louse
show it.! I say reach—an’ die an’ go to
hell with them little tin badges on yuh!
Reach, Gawdamnit, an’ don’t keep me
waitin'. ”
OHAWK had dropped from his
saddle and was standing there over
the two men on the ground. Up as far
as his elbow, the red-head rolled under
his horse’s belly with a sudden twisting
and squirming, and came up on the other
side. Leaving his hat behind he got into
the saddle. Raking with both spurs and.
wildly flapping his reins, he was suddenly
wheeling away, leaving the others to take
care of themselves.
  “Take out with him!” Mohawk kicked
with all his weight and strength as he
yelled the order. The man who had been
merely snatched from his horse was up
to his hands and knees, looking addled
not knowing what to do. The toe o)
Mohawk’s boot decided him. It caughl
him with the stab of the sharp end of a
pole from straight behind, the hellishly
painful drive lifting him, scooting him for-
ward on his nose and face. “Get back to
Fan and Ranee! Tell them our wagons
are coming right on in!”
  Not bothering with his horse, having
had more than enough of this business
right now, the kicked man lurched to his
feet, yelling in pain, fear and anger. One
hand plopped and clamped behind him,
he took off like a limping bird on the
wing, his horse turning to snort and stare
at him until Mohawk gave him a slap
across the rump, the ganging up crowd
yelling and laughing, watching that limp-
ing gunman go, the horse trotting along
behind him.
  “Yuli see ’em?” Whistling Pete was
raging again at the other four gunmen
who seemed too addled to do anything
but sit there in their saddles staring, all
the bristle taken out of them. “Get goin’
behind ’em—an’ keep right on goin’
through them mountains ahead of yuh
when yuh come to ’em! If yuh make a
hole pull it in behind yuh!
  “Flour, folks, is acomin’ down!” He
was suddenly out of his saddle and bellow-
ing at the crowd as the four remaining
gunmen wheeled their horses, faces like
chalk as they headed back for the gate in
the old wall—anything to get out of this
mess in a hurry! “Coffee, sugar, ever’-
thing yuh want at prices no higher’n San
Francisco—or, by Gawd, Dave Mohawk
will quit haulin’! I know what’s in his
contract! I know what kind of a fella
Dave is or I sure as hell wouldn’t be here
with ’im!”
  But the crowd had heard enough.
Everybody was cheering. Out and out
revolt was here, people now ready to
fight. Mobs were crowding around them,
slapping them on their backs. Others
were ganging along the river bank, some
wading out in the stream to cheer the
builwhackers as the long line of huge old
wagons started lumbering across their
canvas tops swaying, drivers grinning on
their seals like bearded monks.
  Being a cold realist, Fan Cantello had
never expected the best. Knowing the
YELLOW DEVIL STARVES TONIGHT!
19
big wagons would come on in, he had
wailed, leaving it up to Ranee Rubaney
to give the order to pass out the new
guns and shiny badges.
  A figure always in gray, thin-faced and
thin-bearded, he was now standing at an
upstairs window in one of the largest
groups of the old houses on the south
side of the street, four of them so close
together they had been covered with one
huge roof. He had seen the trouble in
the distance, had seen Rusty Medberry
get knocked off his horse, the dark Seth
Cantler yanked off. Medberry was now
hammering it back to town, Cantler soon
following afoot—hot-footing it as if the
devil was after him.
  There was nothing to the other four
yokels, Kent Mall, Ira Delano, Punch
Ritter and Paul Clark. He had known
it all along. Given the supposed proper
authority and armed to the teeth, they
could roar and bully, pushing the more
timid around and kicking them in their
places, making them stand and cower, too
afraid to strike back. It was something
else when it came to sending them out to
face real fighting men who would fly loose
and come up gunning or knifing with all
the odds in the world against them. Like
Fat Sam Trigg—that big barrel of lard
and guts!—they would wilt, turn tail, and
suddenly find themselves running for it.
  A little better had been expected of
Rusty Medberry and Seth Cantler. Both
had been prison guards back in a Missis-
sippi penitentiary and should have learned
something about handling men.
  Big, dark and barrel-chested Ranee
Rubaney was handling the show this time,
and Fan Cantello was keeping to the
background, an agreement they had come
to after landing here among the first in
the rush. There had been trouble in
several places behind them, the last one
only as far away as Grub Gulch, down in
Ahwahnee Valley where Ranee took the
greater share of handling the bar, the
gambling tables and the dance floors. Fan
Cantello himself, had taken over the rest
of it. Later he had caught the blame for
the blow-up. They had had just time
and the foresight to escape by a quick
sell-out for half the worth of their hold-
ings and a sudden leave-taking forty hours
before wholesale revolt had struck the
valley. They had barely kept their lives.
  Not exactly resenting something of a
little temporary set-back here, unable to
swallow all ego and a feeling of I-told-
you-so because he had caught so much
hell over the business in Grub Gulch,
Cantello turned and walked back down-
stairs now.
RANCE RUBANEY was not worried.
Cantello saw that when he came to
the foot of the stairs in the huge bar room
and saw him sitting at a table in the cor-
ner with a big ledger open in front of
him, a pen-quill and a bottle of ink beside
it. At the bar was a good line-up, twenty-
odd men and half as many of the per-
centage women and girls already at work
urging the men to buy drinks, using their
prettiest smiles, winks and whispered
sweetness as come-alongs.
  Here were fighting men, all that would
be needed. At the bar were buckskinned
rough-necks, well-armed yokels in home-
spun jeans, bullwhackers and pack-train
rowdies who had been bringing in all sup-
plies by mule and horse or two-wheeled
bull-carts over the dangerous trails at their
own prices. The tale of the opening of
the old Yellow Devil Train over Hell
Dive Pass had already gone the rounds.
It pleased none of these high-priced men
to know that huge freighters were coming
in.
  “Dog eat dog is the way of life.” A
dark smile flashed over Ranee Rubaney’s
face when Cantello dropped into a chair
beside him, a man close to fifty, fond of
doeskin trousers, high beavers and cut-
away black coats. “That’s how we got
our start, and how we’ll keep it.”
   “Then,” a mirthless little smile rippled
back at him, “you’ve seen your fine mar-
shals come bustling back to town?”
  “I hear all and see nothing, Fan.”
kubaney's face darkened for an instant.
“I'm not quite fumbly and crudc enough
to have them come rushing in to me and
everybody staring at them. Our supposed-
ly honorable and able Judge Fetzer Tal-
butt is the man they run to. I merely
pass along the word what he is to say
and do.”
  “That fat tub of tobacco-rusted whis-
kers and guts is no better than Fat Sam
when you look for brains 1”
I"20	10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
  "Like Fat Sam, he at least will try to
carry out orders.” Ranee Rubaney was
smiling again. "A man too smart wouldn’t
stand in his boots to take the blame for
everything that happens. This is not Grub
Gulch, Fan. They can point their fingers
at us here and say we’re behind it all,
but there’s still the little matter of proof.”
“Damned little needed,” half-sneered
Cantello, “when the people know a thing
in their own minds and set out to get you.
You know what I mean. We’ve had to
leave some towns a damned sight faster
than we left Grub Gulch!”
  “We had an election here shortly after
we came.'” It seemed that Rubaney was
not going to let his temper be riled. “A
tin-pan parade up and down the street,
fiddles wailing, banjoes ringing and guitars
strumming, women singing and dancing,
Fetzer Talbutt and Fat Sam bowing and
wheezing, Talbutt even shedding a few
crocodile tears on an up-ended whiskey
barrel, just like you took the front in
Grub Gulch. Here neither you nor I took
part in it.”
  "And now,” nodded Cantello, coldly,
“at the first little set-back we curl our
tails between our legs and go lie with
our pups!”
  "Nothing of the kind.” Ranee Rubaney
laughed at him now. "A fair check says
we have between six and seven hundred
people here. It won’t be nice to have to
face the most of them in sudden revolt.
We leave all that to Fat Sam Trigg and
the right honorable Judge Fetzer Talbutt.
Young Dave Mohawk came through with
freight this time, but he’ll never bring
another wagon, and never another
damned pound over Hell Dive Pass.
That's fixed.”
  “Everybody knows we run this town!
You can/t laugh that off!”
  “I’m king of the show this time, not
you!”
  “Even with the tale of Plez Spurlock
showing up?”
  “Are you fool enough to believe that?”
Anger flashed now in Ranee Rubaney’s
eyes. “Plez Spurlock’s dead and gone to
hell. The story was in every paper pub-
lished in California!”
  A vast upheaval of cheering from the
street seemed to answer him, the noise
of wagon wheels grinding, yokes creak-
ing, the slow but infernally steady sounds
of oxen hoofs on the rocky ground. Dave
Mohawk and Whistling Pete Ford were
stringing into town, mobs of people from
the river tagging along beside the huge
old wagons, others piling out to join them.
  “Grub at San Francisco prices!” yelled
a voice. “No more dollar a damn pound
for flour!”
  “No more three dollar a pound damn
coffee!” shrilled an old woman's voice.
“No more two dollar brown sugar filled
with phizzants!”
CT.U' 2>aH.ce off ^beailt
GSi —	.............. .....—:
     Two big, hairy-chested men of
fifty-odd in buckskins were now leading
the way. One was the six-foot, yard-
wide, red-headed and red-bearded Buck-
shot Bill Driver. The other was the
equally big, black-bearded Rip Chandler.
The two were trappers, traders and Indian
scouts from the Montana and Dakota Ter-
ritories—men who had seen a damned
sight worse places than this and had
pulled through with the hair still on their
heads and fighting blood in their veins.
The only kind who would have dared to
open a general store without first making
a deal with the so-called law of the town.
  It must have been a surprise to almost
everybody when Driver and Chandler
swung to their right and led the wagons
into a horseshoe-like curve on the north
side of the street. Here was the oldest
and worst part of the town, six or seven
stone-faced houses that were little more
than ancient cliff dwellings jammed under
a great overhang of rocks. Half the roofs
caved in, hand-split doors down or miss-
ing, windows broken holes, they were
places nobody had wanted.
  At the beginning it looked as if it would
go through without more trouble for the
rest of the day. Unloading the wagons
was a task that could have taken hours,
but free help was suddenly surging for-
ward. In a few minutes it was like bees
swarming and working before a storm.
More and more men kept pouring up,
ripping off their coats, vests or shirts to
pitch in and help. Women, girls and mere
youths grabbed smaller boxes, bales, kegs
and bundles, laughing as they hurried
YELLOW DEVIL STARVES TONIGHT1
21
them inside the old ramshackle houses.
  Rut as always in such things another
side of it had gathered. Sullen-faced men
kept ganging up and crowding into a
menacing half-circle on the outer rim of
the humming activity. Whispering, growl-
ing and nodding started, a drunk or half-
drunk here and there blurting out some
uncertain threat. Seeing that they were
being ignored they grew bolder. Several
men started slapping a big, bull-chested,
black-bearded giant on the back. A drunk
howled.
  "Bull Smith can whip any six damn
heathen price-cutters among ’em!”
"Git ’em told, Bull!” joined in another
voice. "Tell 'em where’n hell yuh stand!”
  "Heez a man, Bull Smith is!” yarped
another voice. "Bull’s a brawny fightin’
man!”
  "Git ’em told, Bull, git ’em told!”
  "Damn right, I can tell ’em!” Half-
lurching, half-pushed forward, the giant
was beginning to howl, at the same time
swinging his arms and knotting his ham-
like fists. A few pretending hands reached
out as if to stop him. They were only
urging him.on, intended for nothing else,
trouble-makers knowing how to start their
bull.
  "I can whip any ten men in Yaller
Devil Basin!” He was roaring now, a
white froth beginning to form in bubbles
at the corners of his wide mouth, a bully
believing he was about to make himself
a hero in the eyes of his gang.
  “Nobody’s gonna cut our pay, Bull!”
hissed a little buck-tooth. “Tell ’em that!
Tell 'em nobody’s gonna cut, the cheap
lice!”
  “That’s a fact!” bellowed the giant
getting bolder and bolder at every step.
“That’s a fact! Come on, all yuh fellas!
Come on! Give ’em the ol’ gang rush an’
we’ll mob ’em!”
  Whistling Pete Ford had whirled and
was stepping forward to meet him. “Come
on, gang!” Ford said. "Where’n hell's
yore yaller water guts! Where’n hell ain’t
I heard that yelp from rats of yore kind
before! ‘Come on, gang!’ Alius a dirty
gang of whelps! Come, Gawdamn, yuh,
an’ let me get my big feet in yore teeth I
Yore teeth,-1 said! I’ve stomped the
tongues down the throats—”
  “Pete!” yelled Mohawk, rushing for-
ward and suddenly grabbing him from
behind. “Wait a minute! You’re playing
in their hands. Wait!"
  "Wait, hell!” snarled the harelip,
throwing him off.
  “Get ’im, Bull, get ’im!” wailed the
buck-toothed little heeler, safely wedged
back in the edge of the crowd. ‘ Show im
what side yo’re on! Don’t let ’im cut our
prices!”
  “Stand clear, Dave!” Turned into a
blood-hungry killer, Ford threw Mohawk
back again. "Nothin’ on this whole damn
earth makes people madder than these
overbearin’ mobs pushin’ an’ stompin’
little fellas ’round. Take me, big boy,
Gives hair that'just-combed” look all day long!
•Vaseline’ Cream Hair Wo U
the only hair tonic containing
VIRATOL- This special_com-
pound helps mak. your ha^oo
natural, feel natural . . •	m
place hours longer.	,
Just rub a little on your hair
. „	then comb it and
c>“”H-"
Swasg®
 checks loos* dandruR.
Vaseline,
cBffir
HAIR TONIC
fc»lM
. ML CMKTMM, tfant* BKSBOU, svary VriaMfcr si*. CM ras*t»4sM ashmft
22
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
’cause here I am! Take me as I come,
but I warn yuh if yuh drop yo’ll never
get up!”
IT WAS all hell fury with the quickness
of a shotgun’s blast. The two giants
came together, Bull Smith looking for
just an instant as if he wished he had
never been rodded into starting this thing
of blood. A roar from the crowd behind
drove him on—a head-lowered, rumbling,
charging bull driving straight for big
Pete’s mid-section, unable to turn back
after going this far.
  Nothing was going to hold Ford. His
right fist swung like a sledge on the end
of a handle. It caught the charging human
bull somewhere about the head, a blow
to addle an ox, turning his charge, stum-
bling him, and sending him face-diving
to the ground.
  "I said don’t go down!” roared Ford.
“I give what yore kind an’ yore gangs
alius give! When they get a man in a
fix like that! Stay on yore feet or die!
I give no quarter an, by Gawd, I ask
none!”
  It was the nearest thing to murder a
man could come to. Pete Ford was a big
man. With a wild yell and a wilder leap,
he went up in the air, feet drawing up.
He came down in the middle of Smith’s
back, heels driving with all his weight
and fury, flattening him out, bringing a
groan from all around. Then, suddenly
stooping, still kicking, blood flying, mov-
ing faster than a fighting bee, he had
Smith by the slack of the pants and the
back of his collar, swinging him straight
above his head. With the strength of
an insane giant, he sent Smith flying
straight into the buck-tooth, knocking
him down, then he was upon both of
them, kicking, smashing, driving, the
buck-tooth letting out just one wail of
terror before a grinding heel found his
mouth.
  With the crowd who had urged Smith
into it now falling back, there was only
one thing to do. Dave Mohawk did it,
and saved two men from being stomped
into bloody, lifeless shapes there on the
ground in front of every horrified eye.
Mohawk rushed in. He caught Ford
from the big man’s right, getting a firm
grip in th« stout buckskin sleeve of the
upper arm. A fierce swing brought him
around, a lightning fist driving true to
its mark, landing just below Ford’s righl
ear with a sickening smack. Whistling
Pete Ford went down, addled like an os
under a butcher's maul. He came up in
a daze, wheeling, sawing out his hands
and powerful arms to tangle with Mohawk
now. Before he could get set Mohawk
had caught him on the point of the chin,
this time a clean knockout that sent the
ruthless fighting man sprawling backward
on the ground.
  "And the next time,” Mohawk was
turning on the fight-starters now, "I'll
let him go and throw every man I’ve got
into it. Get out of here, every damned
one of you! Get going! Take these two
hunks of bloody meat with you!”
UjVfOB US, would ye!” It was not
   -*-»■A over even with the trouble-makers
falling back like scared curs with their
tails between their legs, each man with
the sole thought of finding a safe dive or
hole somewhere. The rawboned Missouri
woman had grabbed a rock in each hand
and was swinging back, one leg up and
suddenly letting fly. “Only in dirty gangs
can yer kind ever fight, ye low-born filthy-
necked an’ stinkin’ rat brains! Who’n
hell told ye varmits ye could starve us
to death!”
   It was too late for anyone to hold the
woman. The first rock was gone, as true
as a baseball pitcher driving one squarely
over the home plate. A running man in
the would-be tough gang was suddenly
catching it on the back of the head, the
plop! the sound of a ball on a bat. Buck-
ling forward at the belly, from the knees
to the shoulders shaping like a felloe out
of a wagon wheel, he went down. He
hit on his belly, arched over, his chin
striking the hard ground like a hammer.
  “Now, Maw! Now, Maw!" yelled a
lean old Missourian. “Ye dast not take
things too far in yer own hands!”
  Plop! Maw had let fly with the second
rock. It was almost a miss, but it struck
so close to its mark it seemed to tear a
running man’s right ear half-off and send
it flapping forward, bringing a squirt of
red and a yell of pain.
  Dave Mohawk had pinned the hare-
lipped Whistling Pete Ford’s big arms
YELLOW DEVIL STARVES TONIGHT!
23
behind his back and was sitting astride
of him, gripping him tightly between his
knees. Ford was coming out of it, begin-
ning to squirm, big legs and feet kicking,
a man still dangerous, still apt to get up
and do terrible things. Mohawk swore
at him.
  “Take it easy, damn it, Pete!” He
tightened the big arms upward, pinching
him with his knees, going to hold him or
crush his ribs. "It’s all over now—and
they’re not coming back!”
  “But—but they will come back!”
snarled and gasped Ford when he could
£et his breath, in great gulping and snort-
ing sounds. “Rats like ’em always will as
long as there’s some dirtier rat around to
back their play with the law! Let me up,
Dave! Gawdamnit, you’ve just about
busted my jaw!"
  “You can get up if you’ll behave your-
self, Pete!” Mohawk gave his arms an-
other painful push up nis back. “I don’t
want to hurt you, but you're not running
everything here. You're dragging in your
bloody fighting horns and listening to
me I”
  "Didn’t aim to fly off so hell-sudden,
Dave.” Ford was half-apologetic. “Maybe
I’ve seen too many of these k»w-browed,
bull-necked things in these towns, half
the time their slimy wimmin out with ’em
screamin’ their dirty lungs out. I’d kill
one of them as quick as I’d kill a man an’
stomp her teeth an’ face down her throat.
She’s just as low-gutted, just as rotten.
The lowest she-mafe lice—”
  "All right, Pete, all right!” Mohawk
was finally shutting him up, gradually re-
leasing his fierce holds on him, a still
trembling, still dangerous man. “We’ve
£ot work here to do, and there’ll be fight-
ing ahead of u»—dirty fighting.”
HE HAD him back to work a few
minutes later, but he was watching
him. Ford was now a man getting rid
of some of his blaring fury on the heavy
bales and boxes, pawing them out of the
ends of wagons and carrying them inside
the old houses, many of them so heavy
three or four men should have tackled
the job. Muttering, ire still holding, he
was working like a beaat in a frenzy when
the last wagon was unloaded.
  Buckshot Bill Driver camc up now,
grinning through his big red b«ird and
spitting tobacco juice.
  “We’ll handle the rest of ’er, Dave.”
He glanced around, one of the hackling,
trouble-making mob left. "There’s enough
people here to tear the town apart if they
start on us. Folks have to eat, an’, by
Gawd, we’re goin’ to feed ’em at decent
prices, an’ damn the would-be law bein’
on the other side an’ square agin us. Yuh
watch the trail. That’s a dangerous trail,
an’ it’s right where they’re gonna try to
get even with yuh. They ain’t quit. Hell,
they ain’t yet started to fight yuh! Gangs
like this are the same the world over—
gutless, sneaky, willin’ to do anything if
it’s cowardly and dirty.”
  The wagons were rolling out and back
down the street a short time later. Swing-
ing on back to the east bank of the river,
darkness was pooling around them when
they started going into camp, but they
were far from being alone here. Camp
fires of the gold-seekers burned up and
down the river, gangs of people keeping
in bunches and strings for mutual protec-
tion were coming back with loads of sup-
plies hastily doled out by Buckshot Bill
Driver and Rip Chandler, everybody hap-
py now that prices of the necessities of life
itself had suddenly been brought down to
where the common people could buy them.
But after supper even with people they
could trust all around them it was like a
wagon camp in hostile Indian country,
alert men standing guard over the freight-
ers and cattle like sentries around a battle-
camp.
  Before dawn they were stirring, morn-
ing fires springing into being up and down
the banks of the river. People chewed
them at sunrise as the train, going out
empty this time, came out of it* drde and
headed eastward across the basin, tall out-
bound wagons over the dangerous trail
for Indian Valtar and another great load
of supplies and food for the hard-preMed
miners.
  Despite the cheers many people stared
at these long-swaying canvas tops and
stringed yokes of cattle as far as they
coula see them among the queer-shaped
knolls. Many men and women were con-
vinced beyond any hint of doubt that they
were watching them roll awav to certain
doom.
24	10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
        /ZitteA. Medicine
      Riding beside the now calm and
thoughtful Whistling Pete, Mohawk was
alert at every bend and danger spot all
the way to the top of Hell Dive Pass, but
the trail was just as they had left it yester-
day. At the camp up there not a thing
had happened, no one passing up or down
the trail in either direction.
  It was something else when they struck
the river. It seemed that everybody had
heard that the trail had been opened.
More and more gold-hunters were pour-
ing into Indian Valley—men on horse-
back, lines of pack-mules, carts, light
wagons and buggies, one string after an-
other, the big freight outfit having a
tedious time in places to pass them or let
them pass.
  At sunset when they camped for the
night on a big flat far down the river
people were still stringing north, one gang
hustling to get ahead of another, every-
body bug-eyed to get to Yellow Devil
Basin.
  “Gold!" growled Whistling Pete over
his coffee. “All yuh gotta do is tell ’em
where somebody’s hit it, an’ all hell pours
out.”
  It was worse in Indian Valley when
they rolled in next morning just before
noon. Every vacant lot was filled, the
main street milling with people. The three
big stores of the town looked as if they
had been looted, the most of their shelves
empty, their long counters bare, more
people reported coming and hurried calls
sent down the valley for extra supplies.
  - Having a warehouse of his own to draw
from, Mohawk rested the cattle until the
following dawn, meanwhile rounding up
ten more big wagons, and the freighters
were rolling out. People, wagons, buggies,
pack-trains and carts were ahead of them,
others stringing in behind, everybody
quivering and chattering with excitement.
  “Damndest turn-out since the wimmin
come in Fifty One!” grinned Whistling
Pete. “Yaller Devil’s gonna be runnin’
over with ’em 1 We’ll be runnin’ hundred-
wagon hauls if this keeps up.”
  With everything going north, nothing
coming south, it was almost clear rolling.
Now and then the breakdown of an over-
loaded cart or rattle-trap wagon held
them up, but it only gave the oxen a
chance to rest while the fall-apart ahead
could be dragged off to the side of the
trail, gold-seekers behind it cursing and
yowling, pitching in to help get the wreck-
age out of their way.
  When nightfall struck them Mohawk’s
outfit went into camp. Some of the gold-
seekers camped above him or below him,
others feverishly pushing on in the dark-
ness, greed unable to hold them. When
morning came, night behind them and an-
other full day in front of them, the late
afternoon found the freighters nearing
the long drag-up where men and yokes
from the camp on Hell Dive Pass were
waiting to help them over. It was here,
with half the men and cattle from the pass
camp trying to squeeze down to the
freighters that the damnation broke loose
ahead.
  Without any warning whatever a roar
shook the mountains, the thunder of it
reverberating down the canyon from end
to end. Aheels of it came a tumbling,
tossing and tremendous splashing sound
ahead as if the high crags and ledges were
falling into the river.
  Distant yells from suddenly popeyed
men, screams and wails from women and
children joined the noise. Into that were
bawls from panic-stricken cattle, mules
setting up a wild and trumpet-like bray-
ing. Into all of that was suddenly in-
jected a lasting outburst of gunfire, more
men in the distance cursing and yelling.
Then, over that, rode another tremendous
explosion, a roar that shook the moun-
tains and started loose pieces of rock fall-
ing as far as a thousand yards away from
it, the canyon trembling again as if an
earthquake ran up and down the river.
  Mohawk and Whistling Pete managed
to get their horses to the top, having to
crowd and fight their ways through and
past the swarming hordes of terrorized
humanity, sawing and lunging animals,
stalled carts and wagons. They found
only one excited youth at the camp, a boy
of seventeen armed with two big six-
shooters and a rifle.
  “They’ve hit, Dave, they’ve hit!” he
yelled. “An old man who called ’imself
Plez Spurlock showed up in camp ’way
’fore daylight this mornin’. He sn«aked
YELLOW DEVIL STARVES TONIGHT!
25
half the fellas away with ’im. Somebody’s
tryin’ to blow the pass clear from under
us an' stop them freighters from acomin’
in with the cheap grub! Take to the tops
above the trail an' maybe yo’ll find old
Plez an’ the fellas!”
SPURRING on, another wild let-loose
of shots leading them, they went up
a mere wild-goat trail in the rocks above
the east side of the pass. Reaching the
dangerous top, shots dying away ahead,
Mohawk saw men from the camp in the
rocks, all of them with leveled rifles, in-
tently watclfing something coming up in
front of them. As he pulled up the lean
ghost that was old Plez Spurlock appeared.
Behind him trailed three men with their
hands in the air. One of them was Fat
Sam Trigg, the other the red-headed,
rusty-faced man who had tried to back
his play on the ledge. The last was Bull
Smith, face still a mass of court plaster
and blue-black knots from Whistling
Pete’s terrible, grizzly bear mauling.
  Putting his back to them looked like
a hell of a way for a man to handle prison-
ers until Mohawk saw the red-headed,
red-bearded Buckshot Bill Driver bringing
up the rear, a rifle across his arm, six-
shooters in his belt and a long knife swing-
ing against his bosom.
  “There’s leastwise eight more down
there sommers where they lodged in the
rocks,” growled Spurlock, “unless some
two or three got away atter bein’ hit. We
saved these three to have ’em tell us an’
the rest of the people all about it. They’ll
talk good, ’especially Fat Sam. They was
gonna blow the trail down right in front
of yuh, Dave. All these goldhunters pour-
in’ in sorter held ’em back. I trailed ’em
last night while they was settin’ dynamite
chargcs. I moved some of ’em an’ shifted
the wires runnin’ to ’em to where they’d
only roar without real damage to the trail.
I wanted ever'body in the basin to hear
what was bein’ done to ’em. It’s goin’
to cause some deerect results, I think.”
“I—I was only obeyin’ the law, I—I
thought!” gagged Fat Sam. “Fetzer Tal-
butt’s judge. He—he says he is. Fan an’
—Ranee might tell ’im what to do, but—”
“Shut up.” Old Plez Spurlock turned
and took a firm grip in his collar, pulling
him up to look keenly into his eyes. “If
it warn’t for havin’ to pull it back outa
all the grease an’ muck I’d ram my fist
through that fat-frog face an’ push it clear
out the back. We'll see Fan an’ Ranee,
an’ Fetzer, too.”
  Other people were coming by this time,
gold-seekers who thought they had barely
escaped with their lives. Soon the rocks
were filled with them, muttering, snarling,
men already beginning to talk about rope-
law right here on the pass.
  “Only yuh ain’t hangin’ nobody here!”
ripped in Spurlock. “There ain’t no limb
or crag to hang ’em on. Save yore fire
for the basin. Let the town do what it
will with ’em when we get there. I’ve
been down ’most ever’ night talkin’ to
some I know an’ sorter preparin’ ’em.”
“We’re rollin’ on!” yelled the crowd.
“On to Yaller Devil!”
  Two hours later, well ahead of the big
freighters, Mohawk and Whistling Pete,
Plez Spurlock and Buckshot Bill Driver
were riding into the gate of the old wall,
their prisoners left behind them on the
east bank of the river, two men from the
Your Assurance Of
     TOPS IN READING ENTERTAINMENT
         Whatever your preference in fiction—Western, Detec-
         tive, Sport*, Western Romance, Science Fiction, Fan-
         t aay, Adventure, Love Storie*—You’ll find a Popular
         Publication Magazine to suit your taste.
WATCH FOR THE SEAL—THE HALL MARK OF FICTION
QUALITY
26
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
pass camp and a gang of level-lieaded
gold-seekers guarding them from the
mobs.
  Even with clouds of gold-seekers drop-
ping work in all directions to follow them,
a tense quiet seemed to hold everything
when they pulled up in front of the Joy-
land. Mohawk led the way inside. At
least thirty well-armed men stood at the
bar, appearing glued to the hand-rail.
  The rest of the room was empty. Mo-
hawk spoke: “I see that Fan Cantello
and Ranee Rubaney run true to form.
When danger comes they’re not the men
to face it. They leave others behind to
light and die for them.”
  No one answered him, but he saw a
head jerk here and there, men quickly
looking at each other out of the corners of
their eyes. He went on, watching the
foot of a dark stairway in the corner.
  “Mobs are forming outside. The kind
Fan and Ranee use—when they can get
other numbskulls like you to lead them.
The only thing to save you from stretch-
ing rope in this is to keep standing right
there at the bar. Where are they?”
Again no one answered him, but he
saw two of the bartenders nervously turn
their eyes toward the dark stairway. With
gold-hunters crowding in behind the
ghost-like Plez Spurlock and Whistling
Pete Ford, there was no more waiting.
Thumbs on the buckles of his belts, Mo-
hawk walked on. Ford followed him.
Old Plez Spurlock stood where he had
stopped, a six-shooter coming into each
hand, gnarled thumbs cocking them.
  “What Young Dave Mohawk says is
what I go by.” His voice was a drone,
old face that of a leering devil. “I don't
need this damn crowd behind me to handle
the likes of this line-up. Let him or them
who will just buck back from the bar, an'
I’ll show him or them how quick I’ll let
’em down. Some of yuh tin-horns have
yore guns cocked in yore holsters, but I’m
bettin' my hide on it that nary one of
yuh have the guts to try a pull on me.”
POR A THIRD TIME no one at the
bar spoke. All of them must have
glanced at him. They must have seen the
-teadily growing crowd out front and
heard the growing mumble of voices, but
THE
everybody seemed to be listening now to
the footsteps of Mohawk and Ford on
the stairs. It must have reminded them
of low hammer blows on a coffin lid.
Somebody was going to die. That was
a certainty, for up those stairs men were
waiting, men who could not see *he mobs
hastily forming in the street. Suddenly
the entire upper part of the Jmdand
seemed to shake with a flash of gunfire.
   Mohawk and Ford had suddenly drop-
ped, just their heads and hands showing
above the top of the stairs, gunfire on the
level of the floor jerking, answering shots
that came from where a door had been
yanked open straight ahead of them.
Chairs crashed, a table upsetting, oaths
snarling, then a furious burst of yells.
A window being shattered to bits came
into it, glass falling in a rain to the rocky
ground behind the Joyland.
   “Damn ’em, they’re runnin’ for it!”
yelled a voice. “They’re leavin’ us to face
•it! I—I quit! I ain’t standin’ here dyin’
like a damn fool! Ranee an’ Fran an’
Fetzer Talbutt went out a window!”
  Three men dead on the floor of a
room ahead of them, Mohawk and Ford
moved on, finding only two men waiting
for them, their weapons dropped, their
hands stretched above their heads.
  “Out and down the stairs!” Mohawk
wiggled his six-shooters at them. “You
won't be alone. Long before we crossed
the river Plez Spurlock thought of those
three taking a back way dive-out. I think
there’s a crowd down there to take them.”
   Fifty men had them when he marched
these two scared gunmen back down the
stairs, leaving the three dead men where
they had dropped on the floor. Cantello,
Rubaney and the fat, blond-bearded Judge
Talbutt had been caught in mid-air, one
after the other as they came dropping
from the shattered window. Now they
were being booted, shoved and rough-
housed inside from a rear doorway, the
bar room filled with men, crowds in the
street yelling, women running up.
  Above the noise of the trompling
mobs, the howling of men, the shuffling,
scraping and dragging of struggling feet,
Mohawk heard his big wagons coming,
women and the more timid among the
men cheering them on. . . .
END
TROUBLE RIDES
FROM TEXAS!
By CHARLES W.
TYLER
Cimarron’a bullet dammed inf
the younger Tracey and turned
him against the hitchrail.
Davy Mather got little welcome from
kis brothers—for only the guns of the
Cimarron Kid could help them now!
DAVY MATHER was seventeen
when he left Pineville, a scrawny,
peaked-faced kid with blue eyes
and an impish grin. He was older now,
five years, as time is countcd; a thousand
years older in wiseness. There was ice in
the blue eyes and the grin was lost some-
where under that taut layer of weathered
hide.
There had been a lot of rivers to cross
and those crossings had made him hard,
gun-wise. There had been Hays and Bax-
ter Springs and Dodge, on those long cat-
tle trails north, and Ogallala and Milea
City. There had been saloons and honk-
atonks and gambling houses for a kid to
learn about, and trail wolves and toughs
27
28
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
and drunken Texas men, settine their
guns aflame.
  In those years Pineville had seemed a
long way off. A lot of times he had wished
he was back in this sleepv town, nestling
under the gray crags of the Saddlehorn.
Funny, how a kid took fiddle-footed no-
tions. Kinda figgered he’d make plenty
money an’ come back some day with a
fancy saddle, a twenty-dollar Stetson an’
a lot of shine to him. talkin’ big of the
places he'd been.
  Davy Mather reined in where the road
bent around the hill, looking down on the
town. Approaching the bridge his ears
caught the sing-song chant of the black-
smith's hammer, a cheery, friendly sound.
Shod hoofs striking the planking turned
attention his way and the loungers there
eyed the rider, mildly curious.
  Riding on toward the livery barn, Davy
saw familiar faces but no one recognized
the dusty horseman with his Texas rig.
He stabled his pony and went toward
Fred Hardy’s barber shop, conscious of
his trail grime and unkemptness.
  Fred Hardy stared at the lean figure
pushing through the door; then he said
slow’ly, “Well, dog mv cats! Say, when
we hoe ye oui from behind them whiskers
I bet seven dollars ye turn out to be Davy
Mather.” He wrung Davy’s hand.
  “How’s things in Pineville?” Davy
said.
  “Just like always.” Fred Hardy's glance
dropped to the worn gun-belt, the hol-
stered six-shooter. “Where ye been keep-
in’ yourself all these years, boy?”
   “Punchin’ cattle back on the big trails.”
  “Ye-don’t tell.”
  It was good to soak in the old tin-lined
tub in back of the barber shop, and after
Fred had given him a haircut and a shave
Davy Mather examined himself in the
mirror with a curious half smile. “Don’t
look quite so much like an owlhooter.”
  “Been in to see Eben yet?” Fred said.
  “Not yet.”
  Davy went out to the street and stood
at the sidewalk's edge, shaping up a ciga-
rette, looking around. Fred Hardy had
been right; everything was the same.
Pineville didn’t change. It was a remote
world, far removed from the dust-fogged
rivers of hoofs and horns that flowed
north out of Texas and the gun-belted
men that rodded them—or rustled them.
  Davy Mather took a slow drag at his
cigarette, having for the first time an
awareness of the gun slung at his hip and
feeling some small embarrassment. Pine-
ville men didn't pack six-shooters. Hla
glance swung toward the bank, thinking
about Eben. about the solid, respectable
pattern of Pineville. The name Mather
was interwoven into this pattern with
inflexible design.
  Davy Mather’s eye touched the loung-
ers on the gallery of Oddie Orrum’s stor*,
the forming group by the post office. Over
at the depot Andy Parker, the agent, wu
trundling a baggage truck along the plat-
form. marking preparation for the arrival
of the noon train.
  Davy’s glance moved on to the hotel
and came hard against Will Tracey on
the gallery. His lids pinched down. If
Will was around, Neal and Dade wouldn’t
be far off.
  Davy thought about this as he angled
slowly across the street toward the bank.
The Traceys had left a red scar of out-
lawry all across the Nations and on into
Kansas, robbing trains and banks, ripping
open the trail towns with their brawling
and the flame of their guns.
THERE was coolness in the bank, cool-
ness in the eyes of Eben Mather when
he looked up and saw Davy standing
there. Neither spoke for a little and Davy
felt the edge of that old hostility. There
had always been a dark gulf between them
—the oldest and the youngest of the
Mather boys. It had been one of the rea-
sons Davy had gone away.
  “So you’re back, Davy,” Eben said
finally.
  “Just like a had penny,” Davy said
with a tight smile. Somehow, he had felt
that Eben might be glad to see him after
five years away.
   Eben’s scrutiny took in the soiled Stet-
son, with its rolled brim, the faded Levi’s,
the scuffed boots, resting finally on the
gun-belt with marked disapproval. “So
you’re a gun-toter now.”
  It would be useless, Davy thought, to
attempt to point out to Eben that on those
roaring trails he had traveled a six-shoot-
er was as much a part of a cowboy as his
spurs; Eben wouldn’t understand.
TROUBLE RIDES FROM TEXAS!
29
  “We never did see things the same,”
Davy said, ignoring Eben’s scornful
thrust.
  “It makes you look ridiculous,” Eben
said stiffly.
  Eben didn't drink or smoke; he went
to church on Sunday. His pride had al-
ways been a strong, polished surface that
marred easily, Davy remembered. So
afraid of what people would say.
  “Reckon yuh would just as lief I stayed
away,” Davy said.
  "I have a position to maintain,” Eben
said, “and the thought of a Mather strut-
ting around with a gun on is not pleasing
to me.”
  “Don't fret,” Davy said, his temper ris-
ing, “I wouldn’t figger on stayin’ long.”
He added, “How's dad an’ Amos an’
Jason ?”
  “Father is quite well,” Eben said stiffly.
“He is out at the ranch with Amos. Jason
is building a new home.”
  “Reckon I’ll ride out an’ see dad after
I eat,” Davy said.
  “Do,” Eben said. “He speaks of you
often. I appreciate the fact that you have
written him occasionally.”
  On the way to the hotel Davy met Od-
die Orrum. The little store-keeper seemed
genuinely glad to see him. “Well, well.
Davy!”
  "Howdy, Mister Orrum.”
  “We've been hearin’ about ye.”
  When Pineville folks had asked about
Davy his father would say, "Why, Davy
is fine. Got a letter just the other day
from Ogallala, Nebraska. He was head-
in’ north with a Granville Stuart trail
herd.” Or, perhaps, it had been Dodge
City or Abilene.
  “Last we heard ye was trailin’ ’em
north with Ab Blocker,” Oddie Orrum
went on.
  “The big drives are about done,” Davy
said.
  Oddie’s glance touched the gun-belt.
“Expect Pineville seems pretty tame to
ye.”
  “It’s different from trail towns,” Davy
said.
  “Ever git to see any of them gun-
fighters like this Doc Holiday an’ Bill
Hickok?”
  “I’ve seen a few.”
  “Asa Hooker, here in town, was back
in .Ellsworth, Kansas, a year ago an' was
tellin’ about a feller they called the Cimar-
ron Kid.”
  “I heard of him,” Davy said.
  “Asa showed us a piece that was in the
Ellsworth Reporter about him,” Oddie
said. “Come up with a Texas trail herd.
A big fight started an' this cowboy helped
out the marshal one night when a gang of
toughs jumped him.”
  Davy watched Will Tracey walking
across from the hotel to the drug store
corner. He saw Neal then, coming on
past the bank. The Traceys were wearing
derby hats and town clothes. Eben came
out of the bank and Neal stopped for a
word with him. After a little he went on
to join Will, who said something that
turned Neal’s glance toward Davy Math-
er.
  Davy’s lips tightened and a hardness
came into his face. “How long have those
hombres in the hard hats been in town?"
  “A week-ten days,” Oddie said. “Been
dickerin’ fer some minin' property up
Piney Crick that Eben foreclosed on.”
30
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
“They alone?” Davy queried the man.
“No, there’s a millin’ man an’ another
feller with ’em.” Oddie nodded at an ac-
quaintance ; then turned to Davy again.
“Ye back fer good, Davy?”
  “I don’t know. Might stay to help
Amos with fall roundup, if he needs a
hand.”
  “Kinda hard fer a fiddle-foot to put
down roots, I expect," Oddie said, ‘‘but
the Saddlehorn is a good country, Davy.”
Davy Mather went on toward the hotel,
slowly turning over in his mind the names
that had been associated with Will and
Neal Tracey back there in Kansas. There
had been a man called Luke Fargo, who
had given town marshals a bad time. And
Sonny Tate, gangling, baby-faced—a kil-
ler. Dade, the younger of the three Tra-
ceys. was a vicious hard-bitten youth,
more inclined to treachery than any of
them.
  Davy was nearly finished with his meal
when Will and Neal entered the dining
room. They came to his table and Will
said. “Ain’t I seen you before?”
“Mebbe,” Davy said.
  “Ellsworth, wa'n’t it?” Neal said. He
had slightly protruding eves, which
pressed hard against Davy Mather. “Yuh
was with that Texas bunch.”
  “Anythin' wrong with that?” Davy fin-
ished the last bite of his pie, drained his
coffee cup.
   “There was a little trouble,” Will said,
“with these Texicans an’ that badge-
toter.”
  “Yuh was on the wrong side. Kid,”
Neal said. “Don’t let it happen ag’in.”
Davy brought out cigarette tobacco and
papers, shaped a cigarette and got up
slowly, hunting a match. “Yuh ain’t
meanin’ yo’re lookin’ trouble?” The
match hand came up fast and hard. The
blow caught Neal Tracey on the side of
the head and sent him crashing back
against a table.
   “That's bad, Kid,” Will Tracey said, his
eyes hot. dangerous. “Very bad.”
  The waitress screamed. Ben Briden,
the hotel proprietor, rushed in from the
office and was stopped suddenly by the
danger there.
  Davy Mather was facing the Traceys,
his hand poised above his holster. Neal
had regained his balance and the finger*
of his right hand were clawdng for the
blind gun inside of his shirt. Will moved
in between them, his voice sharp-pitched.
“Stop it, Neal!”
   “The man don’t live who can lay hia
hands on me!” Neal snarled hoarsely, hia
face livid with fury.
   “Use yore head,” Will said.
   Davy's blue eyes were as cold as glacier
 ice. He saw Neal’s mad play stopped by
 Will’s cooler head and his spread fingers
 relaxed. “Just keep out of my way, that’s
 all.” He swung on his heel and went out
 past the open-mouthed Ben Briden.
DAVY MATHER geared his horse at
the livery bam and rode slowly down
the street, savage thoughts running
through him. Excited townsfolk were
clotted in front of the hotel and their eyea
turned toward him. The high sound of
their voices hushed and against this si-
lence he heard someone say, “It’s Davy
Mather.”
  Davy's mind went back across the
years. When devilment was raised in
church or at school, or the high voice of
the Chink laundryman screamed a protest
of some new prank, shocked citizens
would cry, “It’s that Davy Mather!”
There had been those who dourly pre-
dicted that he would come to no good end;
those who said “good riddance’ when he
went away.
   Davy could see Eben’s look of horror
when he came down the street from that
haughty mansion and learned that he had
been in a "scrape,” that he had crossed
men. with whom the bank hoped to do
business. His lips thinned and he looked
straight ahead, facing toward the white,
curving road that led into the great valley
of the saddlehorn and on to the old Math-
er ranch.
  Dan Mather greeted his son with a
great bear hug and a shout of joy. “Davy,
boy, ye’re a sight fer sore eyes!” He
stood back then, regarding the lean,
bronzed figure pridefully. “My, ye have
growed up.”
   Big, somber Amos slapped Davy on the
back, shook his hand. “Back fer good, ye
fiddle-footed young hellion?”
  Davy smiled wryly at his brother.
“Mebbe. Mebbe not.”
   Amos pulled out Davy’s aix-shooter
TROUBLE RIDES FROM TEXAS!
31
and examined it. “Big gun fer a kid.
Don't see no notches on it.”
  “A gunman don’t have to advertise,”
Davy said.
  “So ye figger ye’re a gun-slinger. How
good can ye shoot?”
  “Fair.”
  Amos gave his attention to the gear
then with a cowman’s interest. “Double-
cinch, eh?”
  “Texas style is to tie hard an’ fast,”
Davy said. “With the center-fire rig you
folks use, when a critter hit the end of
the rope you’d be travelin’ in different di-
rections.”
  “I’ll still take a single cinch an’ a rope
long enough to use a dally,” Amos said,
“Spanish California buckaroo fashion.”
  ‘ Cattle drives from Texas brought in
those kind of rigs some years ago,” Dan
Mather said, “but they found no favor.”
"Met a couple feller* campin’ at the
old miner’s cabin up in the timber on
Tumbledown Crick a few days ago,” said
Amos. “They had Texas rigs.”
  Davy’s eyes narrowed. “What did they
look like?”
  “One was heavy-set, dark complected,”
said Amos; “the other was younger, baby-
faced. They wa’n’t very sociable, but
spoke of workin’ for some man interested
in minin’ property.”
  It sounded like Luke Fargo and Sonny
Tate all right, Davy reflected. Evidently,
Kansas had gotten too hot for the Tracey
gang and they had headed for California.
  “It’s good to have ye home ag’in,
Davy,” said Dan Mather. “I’d hope ye
make up your mind to stay.”
  “Sure, stick around, young feller,”
Amos said. He added with a chuckle, “I
want to see what happens when ye pile
that short-length Texas reata on one of
our big steeri.”
  “I guess ye stopped in to see Eben,
didn’t ye?” Dan Mather said.
  “Yes,” Davy said with a grimace, “I
did, an’ he offered me a dollar to go eat
at the hotel.”
  “That’s just his way,” said Amos. “He
means all right.”
  Davy laid nothing of the trouble at the
hotel; he felt that his father and Amos
would hear about it soon enough, and it
was going to hurt.
  “Eben has been worried of late too,”
Dan Mathtt said. “There’s been con-
siderable panic talk in the San Francisco
papers and the bank is holding a lot of
mortgage paper.”
  “The Pineville bank is the backbone of
the country,” said Amos, “and Eben real-
izes his responsibility. He has loaned
money against his better judgment at
times. Now he is trying to build up hi3
cash reserve by turning some of that paper
into money. If anything happened to the
hank a lot of folks would lose everything
they have.”
  “Banks don’t bother me,” said Davy.
“If I got a dollar I spend it! if I ain’t—
well, there’s always a job.”
  “A rolling stone gathers no moss, as
Eben would tell you,” Amos said with a
slow smile.
  “Money isn’t everything,” said Dan
Mather. “If you have grown in wisdom.
Davy, the years have not been wasted.”
Davy’s lips thinned and his hand slid
slowly down across his holster. “What I
learned,” he said, “I learned the hard
way.”
  Back on the Texas trails the name,
Davy Mather, meant nothing, but men
knew of the Cimarron Kid, reckless, head-
strong, steel-nerved. A blue-eyed young
puncher, ready to whoop it up when rid-
ers hit town, quick to throw his pony into
the teeth of those clashing horns when the
cattle started to run, one of the first to
grab his gun when trouble started.
  Davy Mather lay awa^e a long time
that night, staring into the blackness,
nursing the resentment that Eben had set
smouldering inside of him. Eben and his
stiff pride—the almighty dollar his god.
Eben, for all of his wiseness, suckered
into the Traceys’ game. They’d clean him
like a crooked gambler would clean a
greenhorn.
   “Well, let 'em!” Davy told himself. “It’s
none of my affair. I ain’t good enough to
be invited to his house when I come home
after five years away, I ain’t good enough
to stick my nose in his business. ”
  Davy thought then of Fred Hardy and
Oddie Orrum—of their hearty greetings.
If anything happened to the link they
stood to lose, along with a lot more fine
folks. And there was his father and Amos
and Jason. Yes, and even Eben. In the
Saddlehorn ootmtry th« name Mather
32
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
stood for honor and straight fair-dealing.
  Came the remembrance of that night
in Ellsworth. He’d hated town marshals,
throwing the law at Texas trail men; yet
when the Traceys and their crowd of
roughs backed the badge-toter against the
wall he had sided him when the show-
down came because it seemed the right
thing to do.
  “Reckon I'm still a Mather,” Davy said
aloud, and fell into a deep and peaceful
sleep.
DOWN at the corral the next morning
when Amos was laying out the day's
riding, Davy said, “Think I’ll take a ride
up Tumbledown Crick an’ see if them men
with the Texas rigs are still at the old
cabin.”
  “Sure,” Amos said. He watched Davy
buckling on his gun-belt with a curious
half smile. “Wearin’ a gun gets to be
sort of a habit, I expect.”
  “Sometimes it comes in handy,” Davy
said.
  He passed the favorite pools when he
had fished when he was a kid and watched
the quick dart of trout with the same
pleasant excitement he had known as a
youngster, creeping stealthily to the
bank’s edge with his willow pole and the
worm-baited hook.
  He followed the creek trail into the
timber and noticed fresh hoofprints, head-
ing downstream. When he came to the
clearing he saw that the cabin door was
open; the bars of the old pole corral were
down and there was only silence and
emptiness in the small mountain meadow.
  If, as he had surmised, the occupants
of fhe cabin had been Luke Fargo and
Sonny Tate, they had left not long before.
Not much doubt that Will and Neal Tra-
cey had learned that the puncher they had
known as the Cimarron Kid was Davy
Mather. Apparently, they had sent word
to Fargo and Tate.
  Davy followed the trail of the riders
to the edge of the timber. It turned along
the foot of the mountain in the direction
of Pineville.
  The time was close to noon when Davy
Mather crossed Piney Creek and ap-
proached the sawmill on the outskirts of
town. It was Jason’s mill. Jason had
come out of the office and he stood watch-
ing the rider, a big man in his shirtsleeve*.
His shout, as he recognized Davy, reached
above the high whine of the saw, biting
into a log.
  “Davy! Our little brother!”
  “Hullo, Jason.”
  “Get down here, ye young scalawag. I
heard ye was back.”
  “I bet yuh did.”
“An’ ye never come in to see me yes-
terday. Explain yourself, young feller.”
“Reckon yuh know I had a little trou-
ble.”
  “H-m, seems like I did hear some talk,”
Jason said, eyes twinkling under puckered
brows, “but I didn’t pay much attention.
Wouldn’t be our Davy if he wa’n’t stirrin’
up a breeze.”
  “It was a couple men I met back in
Kansas. They’re bad actors, Jason.”
“Shaw, now. Why, Eben was tellin’ me
they was moneyed men, interested in some
local minin’ property.”
  “They're more interested in banka,”
said Davy, “an’ express cars. Ever hear
of the Tracey gang?”
  “I believe I read something about
them.”
  “It was Will an’ Neal Tracey I had the
trouble with at the hotel. They’re out-
laws.”
  Jason’s eyes grew grave. “Ye sure
about that, Davy? Ye haven’t got theae
men mixed up with somebody else.”
“I'm sure all right.” Davy added, half
apologetically, “Guess I should have told
Eben but I was sore at the way he acted.”
“You come with me,” Jason said.
“We'll go see him right away.”
  Davy dropped the reins of his horse be-
side the sawmill office and walked with
his brother along the rutted roadway be-
tween the lumber piles. They crossed the
spur track that led into the yard, passed
the loading corrals and the freight house
beyond and came to the lower end of
Depot Street.
  Near the mouth of an alley that ran
behind a block of buildings they saw five
horses with Texas-rigged saddles. Davy
told of the men who had been staying at
the cabin on Tumbledown Creek and of
the tracks leading away from there.
  Jason said, “I don’t like the looks of
this,” and his stride quickened.
  When they turned the corner Davy saw
TROUBLE RIDES FROM TEXAS!
33
Neal Tracey at the end of the block. He
was standing alone at the sidewalk’s edge,
watching across the street toward the
bank. Davy’s eyes frosted over. “There’s
one of ’em,” he said.
  As they moved up Depot Street, Davy’s
glance ran along the galleries, probing the
shade beneath the board awnings, search-
ing for others of the Tracey gang. They
had almost reached the bank corner when
he saw the bulk of Luke Fargo in front of
the post office, one of the forming group
that made a ritual of waiting there for
the mail to be put up after the arrival of
the noon train.
  A man in his shirtsleeves came out of
the Wells-Fargo office and spoke to
Jason. Jason said, “Howdy, George.”
  George went up the bank steps and his
hand went out to the latch but the door
resisted him. He pushed, shook the door,
a slow puzzlement spreading across his
face. “The door is locked,” he said.
  A look of vast alarm spread across the
face of Jason. “Something is wrong!” He
sent a quick glance at Davy, standing a
little past the steps at this main street cor-
ner.
  Davy’s eye took a quick run toward the
post office and he saw Luke Fargo start
along the sidewalk toward the place where
Neal Tracey was standing. Toward the
rear of the bank, in front of the alley that
paralleled Depot Street, his glance came
against young Dade Tracey.
  The pattern was clear. Will and Sonny
Tate had gone into the bank and locked
the door. Will knew the interior well from
his many visits there in connection with
this mining deal; he knew the heavy door
of the vault would be standing open, there
behind the cashier’s grille. The looting of
the vault would require but a few brief
minutes. When they came out, Fargo and
Neal would be there to cover their retreat
to this alley, which led down behind the
block to the place where the horses stood.
  Davy’s lips drew into a hard line. He
was watching Neal Tracey now, there on
the opposite corner. “Stand back from the
door,” lie told Jason, low-toned. “This
is it!”
SLEEPY Pineville. Birds singing. The
high note of the saw at the mill. The
palter of the blacksmith’s hammer down
the street. The lacy shade of the cotton-
woods.
  Here and there a slack-hipped horse
stood at a hitch-rail. A settler’s wagon
was drawn up in front of Oddie Orrum’s
store. Two or three idlers occupied the
bench along the front of the saddle shop.
A woman with a market basket bobbed
her sunbonnet at an acquaintance on the
sidewalk outside of the butchershop.
  One of a small group on a gallery across
the street called out, “Hi, gun-toter!”
Several faces turned toward the lean-
framed figure wearing a cartridge belt and
holster, there on the bank corner, and
there was a low note of laughter.
  The attention of the woman in the sun-
Ixjnnet was turned toward the bank by
this. An instant later her scream cut
through the midday quiet, a high, piercing
sound that was lost in a crash of gunfire.
  Jonas Mather, moving away from the
bank door at the command of Davy, said
to George Passmore, the Wells-Fargo
agent, “There’s trouble here, George.
Quick! Get your gun!”
YOUR BEST READING BUY!
Wherever good fiction is read and sold, wherever good stories
are sought by a discriminating reading public, you'll find a
Popular Publications magazine that will be your guide to the
best in reading value anywhere!
34
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
  Passmore had been a gun-rider on the
stage before the railroad had been built.
He stood for a moment, absorbing the
thing Jason said, this quiet warning, strik-
ing out of a blue sky. He turned then and
went toward the express office at a run.
  The sudden departure of Passmore, the
hard rap of bootheels on the plank walk
pulled Neal Tracey’s bleak stare away
from Davy Mather and his eve jerked to
Passmore with swift apprehension. He
knew the agent, knew that oil the wall of
the express office, two doors distant from
the bank, there was a sawed-off shotgun in
a rack.
  Neal Tracey's hand swept under hi*
coat and wrenched out a Colt .45. He fired
at Passmore, a hurried shot that did no
more damage than to smash a pane of
glass.
  Davy Mather, the Cimarron Kid of the
Texas cattle trails, brought his six-shooter
from the low-hung holster in a fluid flow
of movement that seemed almost unhur-
ried and yet was fast. Fargo had come up
beside Neal Tracey, his gun leaping from
its hiding place and swinging in a rapid,
blue-steel arc.
  The bullet from Davy’s crashing Colt
struck Luke Fargo before the outlaw had
fully cocked his gun. The hammer-blow
at belt-line bent him forward and he fell
slowly, with the complete slackness of a
man who will not get up again.
  Certain that Fargo and young Dade
would bracket the Cimarron Kid with
their £uns, Neal Tracey gave his full at-
tention to George Passmore in an attempt
to stop him before he reached the door of
the express office. But again the bullet
was wide.
  Sight of the tawny Cimarron Kid at
the bank corner set Dade Tracey in mo-
tion. He had no stomach for standing up
to a gun-fighter of the caliber of the Kid
and he put himself quickly on past the
hitch-rail, taking cover behind a saddled
horse. He jerked a six-shooter from the
belt under his coat and thrust it across
the saddle.
  As Fargo collapsed, the Cimarron Kid
whirled his eye searching for young
Dade. A gun roared and he had an aware-
ness of the wicked rush of the bullet. The
gun blast set the horse to plunging and it
jerked free and spun into the street, lear-
ing Dade to finish his duel in the open
  Dade's second shot was thrown in des-
peration, a wild attempt to drop this lean-
framed figure in faded Levis before that
black gun jerked. Cimarron's bullet
slammed into the younger Tracey and
turned him in against the hitch-rail. He
clutched at it.
  Neal Tracey's bulging eyes rolled in
their sockets like red-veined agates, leav-
ing the disappearing form of George Pass-
more to whip toward the Cimarron Kid
with blazing savagery.
  The Cimarron Kid had turned, a quick
pivot that faced him squarely toward Neal
Tracey. He looked all rawhide and ice.
His leathery features were taut with grim
purpose.
  Neal Tracey's nerves were turned raw
at the unexpected turn of affairs. His gun-
hand was a knot of steel springs wound
tight. The Cimarron Kid was relaxed,
every muscle perfectly controlled and
obedient to a disciplined brain, trained to
function with precision under physical
tension.
   Twin concussions rocked the street and
when the sound of them had ebbed into a
silence, broken only by the high song of
the saw at the mill. Neal Tracey waj
sprawled in the yellow dust.
  In the bank, Will Tracey had been in
high spirits as he forced Eben Mather to
drop the packaged greenbacks into the
gunny sack at pistol point. “This beats
that mining proposition! all hollow, my
friend.”
  “You’re going to break the town,”
Eben said, his voice strained.
  Will Tracey laughed harshly. "That’s
your worry.” He went on conversational-
ly. “Didn’t know you had a gun-toter in
the family until yesterday. With the
damned Cimarron Kid showing up when
he did, we had to pull the job a bit sooner
than we intended. Too bad we’ve got to
leave the gold, but we’re traveling light
and fast when we leave here. ...”
  The exploding gun-fire on the street
brought Will and Sonny Tate to the door
on the run. Cursing, they started down
the steps, six-shooters drawn, to be caught
in a leaden hail of buckshot from George
Passmore’s sawed-off shotgun.
  Two outlaws were dead when the final
        (PUn cmtimm* mi pm§4 W)
Only two people dared buck Coll Lake's Vigilante gang. One was a
button—and the other wat an old man. . . .
TOO OLD TO DIE!
By CHARLES D. RICHARDSON, Jr.
“Now,” Old Sam Mid,
rifle cradled in hia big,
horny handa, “you’re
gonna learn aametfain'.”
CLEM and me, we could see that
Old Sam was getting in his dotage
and wc figured it was best to
humor him. Old Sam—he liked it better
that way than “Pa” or “Father”—was
well on into seventy, though unusually
well-preserved, physically. He had a
game right leg and had to be helped into
the saddle at times. What bothered us
most was the way he took on about Coll
Lake and the Vigilantes.
“Vigilantes are okay,” he’d rant, “If
they have the right kind of leader. That
Lake skunk is ruining the organization.
Runnin’ hog-wild, that's what.”
“Somebody’s got to take a firm hand,”
I told him, Clem and me cleaning the sup-
per dishes. “ ‘Frisco was overrun with
badmen until the Vigilantes buttoned
down. They put the fear of God into
those gunnies Coll Lake’s doing the same
thing here. oralled a dozen rustlers and
highwaymen in the past coupla months.”
“The men Lake hanged,” Clem added,
“had it cornin’ ’em. Caught with the
goods, pure and simple.”
  I thought Old Sam would blow his top.
He stood there by the wood stove, draw-
ing and puffing on his pipe like one of
those volcanoes you read about. Old Sam
took the pipe out from between his teeth,
spat out the window.
*S
36
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
  "Listen!” he bellowed, and Clem and
me jumped instinctively. “Coll Lake don’t
bother with trials. Suppose his Vigilantes
was to make a mistake sometime ? String
up somebody innocent? Everybody de-
serves a hearin’. I helped Nolan buck the
Spaniards, back in 1799. Fought Injuns
and renegades from the Mississippi clean
out here to Californy. But I always give
the other fella an honest break. I tell you,
every man, boy, and skunk has a right to
trial, and by Judas, I’m going to do some-
thin' about it.”
  Clem and me looked at each other, not
feeling too good. "What you going to do,
Old Sam?” I said, trying to sound col-
lected-like.
  Old Sam had picked up his heavy rifle
from the corner, and was making for the
door. He paused, those bright gray eves
of his stabbing at us from beneath his
shaggy eyebrows.
  “I’m doin’ some scoutin’,” he said.
“Heard the Vigilantes are after four men
suspected of hoss-stealin’. So I figure I’ll
do some scoutin'.”
  Clem and me, we stood there after Old
Sam had left. We both were thinking
about what we hadn't told Old Sam, name-
ly that we had joined up with the Vigi-
lantes this very afternoon. We wanted
to ease the news on him gentlelike. Now,
it sure looked bad for that. What if Old
Sam was to bust up on us while we were
out with the Vigilantes tonight?
  Clem threw dow n his towel and grabbed
up his hat. When he reached the door,
lie had his gun belt buckled about his waist.
   ‘‘We’ll have to risk it,” he said shortly.
“Get your gun and saddle up. We're
due at Lake's in half an hour.”
  .1 slipped my pearl-handled .44 into its
holster, followed my brother to the cor-
rals. I sure hoped we wouldn’t run into
Old Sam. No telling what he'd do, him
dead-set against us Vigilantes the way he
was.
  Coll Lake met us in his office behind
the Boulder Creek Grain and Hardware
Shop. Rafferty, Hillman, and the rest of
the bunch were there already. The giant
Vigilante captain glared at us Westons
over his thick black beard.
  “You’re two minutes late,” he snapped.
“Fall in with the rest and ride. We're
smoking those horse-thieves out of Sutter
Canyon tonight.” His orders were sharp.
  Clem and me dusted out of town with
the boys, wondering where Old Sam was
by now. There was a bright moon in th?
sky and you could see as good as day
almost. We rode as far as the low-lying
hills, then we advanced on foot over the
scattered rocks about the canyon.
  The cabin where the four Slaters were
holed up snuggled in a group of cotton-
woods. Lake and the rest of us eased
down through the rocks. I reviewed then,
in my mind, the facts in the case. Last
night, Bill McClane, of the Bell-Bar
spread, had been killed in a raid on his
prize horses. This morning, Vigilante
Rafferty had spotted the Slater family
riding near the canyon on four Bell-Bar
horses. The Slaters tried to feed Rafferty
a cock-and-bull yarn about having bought
the horses from four other fellows an hour
previous.
   Rafferty had started to make his arrest,
the Slaters broke away hell-bent and holed
up in their cabin. They had fired at the
advancing Vigilante. Rafferty then had
ridden back to town for reinforcements.
COLL LAKE stuck his bearded face
around the side of the rock. “You
birds down there in the cabin,” he shouted
through cupped hands, “We’ve cot you
cornered. Come out peaceablelike and
you won't get hurt.”
  We all shot our guns at the cabin to
show we meant business.
   There w as a dead silence in the canyon
several minutes. Clem and me begun to
think the quarry had skipped. Then a
high, nervous voice yelled out, “You go
to blazes! We’re innocent, and we ain’t
gonna be took by no bunch of rope-crazy
maniacs!”
  The remark was punctuated by a bullet
uncomfortably close to our rock.
   Coll Lake's face was black-set. “If it’s
war they want—” He fired carefully into
one of the -windows.
  There was a scream from the cabin’s
interior. It sounded like a rabbit I once
heard, being gutted by a fox. I felt a little
sick. Our boys fired again, and then a
white cloth waved frantically in the door-
way. A thin, tall man walked out, fol-
lowed by a shorter, stouter fellow, a
stooped, oldish man, and a sixteen year-
TOO OLD TO DIE!
37
old kid with a bandage around his left
arm. Tom Slater, his brother and father,
and young son, Tim.
  They walked slowly toward us, hands
raised. Tom Slater, in the lead, was clean
shaven, with the clearest, bluest pair of
eyes I had ever seen. I couldn’t help think-
ing that he didn’t look like a murdering
horsethief to me.
  "You fellows are wrong about us,” he
said quietly. “We didn’t steal no horses.”
Coll Lake sneered. “Expect us to be-
lieve that?” he said. “You were caught
riding Bell-Bar animals. That’s proof
enough for me. Bring over the ropes,
Rafferty.”
  Rafferty was looking a little green about
the gills. I strongly suspected he didn’t
like the job any more than the rest of us.
But Coll Lake was boss, and it didn’t do
to buck him. The evidence was all against
those four captured men.
  “Maybe we oughta have a trial,” Clem
scared me by announcing. “Just to be on
the sure side.”
  I thought Coll Lake would jump down
my brother’s throat. “I’m giving the or-
ders here! These men are guilty. String
’em up, boys.”
  The men addressed hesitated, but only
for a minute. Rafferty and a couple other
fellows adjusted the noose about the four
Slaters’ necks, shoved them up to the
cottonwoods. The free ends of the ropes
were tossed over limbs and tied to saddle-
horns of waiting horsemen. All four of
the captives looked pretty grim and white-
faced, but they didn’t break down like
you’d expect. Somebody gave old Matt
Slater a chaw of tobacco, and he worked
on it silently, thoughtfully.
  Tim Slater, the sixteen year-old, showed
more courage than I would have, in his
shoes. He just stared ahead, biting his
lower lip a little.
  Tom and Mark Slater smoked quietly
on the cigarettes they’d requested.
  Coll Lake raised his hand for the sig-
nal. “Anything you men want to say
before you are sent on to your Maker?”
he asked solemnly.
  There was a moment of tight silence.
Then a shrill voice from somewhere to
the rijht of us split the night air.
  “Plenty, Coll Lake!” it shouted, and we
Vigilantes turned as a man toward the
jumble of rocks above. “They want to
say they’re innocent, and that neither you
nor the rest of your so-called lawdogs
are going to hang them for it. Take off
them ropes, you thick-headed fools, before
I puts a slug through every blisterin’
mother’s son of yuh!”
  Clem and me, we really felt sick. That
was Old Sam, holed up there in those
boulders with his rifle. Our old father,
tangling with the Vigilantes—Old Sam
surely was in his dotage.
  “Don’t shoot!” I hollered at Coll Lake.
"That’s our old man out there. He—
don’t mean no harm. If we just humor
him, get his rifle—”
  Coll Lake already was raising his gun.
“Humor—hell!” he said. “That old fool’s
dangerous. He’s buckin’ the law.”
  He fired before Clem or me could pre-
vent it. Rock chips and dust flew from
the boulder protecting Old Sam. Then,
almost instantly, Old Sam’s rifle began
to bark, and bullets sprayed amongst us.
When I say sprayed, I mean just that.
Those bullets slighted nobody. Coll Lake’s
gun jumped from his hand, and the Vigi-
lante captain howled in pain. Rafferty,
right beside me, gasped as a slug burned
a trough through his curly' red hair.
  The other boys ducked for cover, Clem
and me doing likewise. We always had
respected Old Sam’s marksmanship, and
tonight he sure didn’t let us down none.
Old Sam didn’t know we were present.
He didn’t give us time to acquaint him
with the fact.
  “You there, the skinny galoot with the
dirty mark for a moustache,” Old Sam’s
high voice ordered, “You got jest five
minutes to get the ropes off them four
fellers.”
  The Vigilante addressed was Ned Hill-
man. Ned moved faster than I ever had
seen him move. In three and a half min-
utes flat, those four Slaters were free as
the air now fanning my sweating hands
and forehead.
  "Now,” Old Sam said, iimping out
from cover, rifle cradled in his big, horny
hands, “you’re gonna learn somethin’.”
ll/TAYBE you think it funny, the bunch
of us toeing the mark to one old man.
Us Vigilantes could have swarmed down
on Old Sam in a group, taken away his
38
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
gun and rendered him helpless. The only
catch was, several of us were pretty cer-
tain to go down before we reached him.
None of us seemed eager to be included
among those dearly departed.
  Then, too, we all respected Old Sam’s
advancing years.
  Coll Lake was purple to the ears, but
he didn’t make a dive for his fallen gun.
“You—!” he cursed. "You old meddler!
You realize I can have you jailed for ob-
structing the law this way? Interfering
with a bangin’ and—”
  Old Sam just kept coming on, until he
was within spitting distance of the Vigi-
lante leader.
  “Law?” he said. “That’s a laugh. The
way you run it, law-abiding folks ain’t
got a chance. Take them four fellers there
you almost just now hanged. If I hadn’t
come along in time, they’d be half-way
along the road to Glory.”
  Coll Lake’s green eyes blazed. “They’re
murdering horse-thieves—”
  Old Sam spat on a nearby rock. “That’s
jusf the trouble,” he said. “You birds
don't take time to be sure. Me, I got to
thinkin’. I decided to do a little inves-
tigatin’ on my own. I did, and it proved
mighty enlightenin’. Mighty enlight-
enin’.”
  "You old goat,” Coll Lake began, “We
aren’t interested in what you—”
  Rafferty, the redheaded Vigilante,
edged forward. “Just a minute there, Cap-
tain,” he said slowly. “I reckon we would
like to hear a mite more about this. Go
on, Old Sam. What did you find out
about Bill McQane’s killers?”
  “I found out plenty,” he said. “I went
and had a talk with Slater and his folks.
Slater told me how four men rode up,
offered to trade their mounts for his. Said
they was from the Bucket B spread up
north. They offered a generous cash
bonus on each animal, to boot. Slater,
needin’ the money bad for livin’ costs and
an ailin’ son, didn’t ask questions. He
didn't know them hosses was stolen.
When your Vigilante tried to make the
arrest. Slater and his kinfolk got panicky
and lit out, just like any of you might
of done.”
  Old Sam looked at the lot of us, and
his eyes went a little wider w'hen he
spotted Clem and me, but he went right
on talking without batting ary an eyelash.
  “I picked up the trail of the real hoss
thieves, flushed ’em in a valley six mile
from here. They had a dozen broncs wear-
ing the McClane Bell Bar brand. To
shorten the story, I accused ’em, and they
made a play for it. Three of ’em won’t
give you no more trouble.”
  His deepset eyes returned to Clem and
me. “You two go up into them rocks and
drag out that skunk I left tied there. He’s
the only one left of them killers, but he
sure is in a talkative mood.”
  Clem and me, we hustled up among the
rocks, and sure enough, there was a snort,
scar-faced man, trussed up and gagged,
just like Old Sam had said. We yanked
him to his feet, shoved him over to Coll
Lake and the Vigilantes where he spilled
plenty, after we took the gag out of his
mouth.
  The Slaters returned to their cabin.
They promised to return the Bell-Bar
horses first thing in the morning. Clenj
and me and the rest of us Vigilantes didn't
say much, but we were doing a heap of
thinking. We had almost hanged four in-
nocent men, and we still were feeling sick
to the stomach about it. Maybe that’s why
we didn’t raise a hand to stop Old Sam
from doing what he did to Coll Lake
then.
  Old Sam, well up in his seventies and a
full three inches shorter than the Vigi-
lante captain, swung out with that horny
right fist of his. The blow caught Coll
Lake squarely in the middle of his bearded
jaw. Lake went down like a mule had
kicked him.
“Just wanted to show you boys,” Old
Sam said calmly, dusting off his hands,
“what comes of havin’ the wrong leader.”
Rafferty jumped in front of Old Sam,
as the latter was leaving.
  “We admit we had the wrong leader,”
he said hurriedly. “We sure as hell re-
gret it. But now we got to have another.
A guy with guts and a level head. We
want you for our new Vigilante captain,
Old Sam. How about it?”
  Old Sam looked at him. Then he
looked over at Clem and me, and he
winked. Old Sam spat.
  “I’ll think it over,” he said. “Right
now, it's late and I’m headin’ for the hay.
You, Ed and Clem, let’* go.”
REED OF THE
LAWDOC
By
RICHARD
BRISTER
Ha caught the gntt-
Kelti bi one hand and
rolled at ha ML
You can’t make a man a lawdog
by hanging a tin badge on him—
nor keep a Corbin from being
one, by taking it off!
ED CORBIN lifted his eyes hopefully
as a shadow fell on the threshold
of the smithy. It was not business,
he saw, only old Christianson, the town
busybody. Ed tried to keep the disap-
pointment out of his eyes and his voice
as he nodded at the old man.
  “Mornin’, Dave. What’s trouble ? You
look bet up about somethin’.”
  “If you knowed what I know,” said the
39
40
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
 old man in his raspy accent, “you wouldn’t
look so calm neither. Jug Ewald has took
off on another rampage.”
j “How’* that?” Ed gulped. “You
mean—”
   "I mean when Lucas went for to open
 the saloon up this momin’, he found the
 place in a shambles. Cash box was rifled
 of the small change Lucas keeps in it, and
 there was a good fifty dollar’s worth of
 booze missin’. That Jug’s goin’ to be a
 mighty hard cat to handle, by the time
 he gets full of that drinkin’ likker.”
 “Excuse me, Dave,” Ed said. He took
 off the big leather apron he wore to pro-
 tect himself while at his anvil and forge
 and swung out onto Grove Street, a thin,
 sober-faced man with a light of intelligence
 about hia brown eyes which seemed out of
 place, in a man of his calling.
   “Where you goin’ in sich a hurry?”
 asked the old man.
   “Up to my dad's house,” Ed said. “Be
 just like him to try to ride out after Tug,
 sick as he is. But there’s a limit to a law-
 man's duty. Jug’s mean enough to kill
 a man, and Jesse’s gun reputation ain’t
 going to scare him.”
   “Mebbe you’re fixin’ to go out and haul
 Jug in yourself, Ed,” the old town idler
 cackled. Ed’s slender shoulders stiffened
 under the weight of Dave Christianson’s
 sarcasm, and it was in him to turn and
 fling a retort at the old man. He didn’t
 bother. His mind was full of the scene he
 was about to have with old Jesse.
   It was a good many weeks since he’d
 had any words at all with his father. . . ,
 In a way, he supposed, this situation
 was more his own fault than any one
 else’s. In his mind’s eye, he could picture
 once more that fateful day in front of the
 Cattlemen’s Bank, when Cutbank Billy
 Eagan and the Jory brothers, Hall and
 Tom, had come charging out, throwing
 lead as fast as their guns could work.
   It had been whang-leather-tough old
 Jesse Corbin, Bent Creek town marshal,
 and his son and deputy, Ed, in a shoot-
 out with those three reckless outlaws.
   Jesse’s first shot had caught Billy Earan
 through the stomach, sent him jackknifing
 into the dust of the street, coughing,
 gurgling his life’s blood out.
   Hall Jory spanked a slug into Ed’s
 shoulder. Ed was flmng bade against the
wall of Staple’s Hardware, He braced
himself there, firing deliberately at Hall
Jory. And he hit his man, right through
the chest. But not before Tom Jory had
plugged Ed through the side.
  Ed had come to a good twelve hours
later, with Doc Lang breathing his whisky
breath down on him, with Ellen standing
tearfully above him, with the two kids,
Janie and Jesse, lurking with frightened
eyes in the background.
  His dad was there, too. He would al-
ways remember the triumphant expres-
aion on his dad’s leathery, thin face as the
old man clapped spindly Doc Lang be-
tween the shoulder blades.
  “By damn, Doc,” Jesse said. “What’d
I tell you? You can’t kill a Corbin!”
“You can come mighty close,” said Doc
Lang, pulling a pint bottle from his pocket
and taking a long pull on it. “Son, how
you feelin’?”
  The answer to that was, too weak to
talk. Ed managed a wan smile and again
his father clapped the little medico on
the back.
  “One thing about the Corbins is they
always come up smilin’, no matter what.
Well, Ellen.” Jesse swung toward Ed's
tearful wife. “You can dry them purty
eyes now. Tell the young ’uns their
daddy’s goin’ t’ be good as new.” He
chuckled. “You can’t kill a Corbin . . .
Ain’t that so, Ed?”
  Ed couldn’t move his lips to reply. He
moved an eyebrow, and Jesse acted as if
that made his only son into a real special
hero. “That’s all right, boy. Just you
take it easy. We’ll get outta here now
an’ let you rest. By the way, I kilt Tom
Jory dead as a doornail, ’case you
wondered.”
  Ed hadn’t given the matter a thought.
He was too preoccupied with a more per-
sonal problem. He had a lot of time to
think, during the next several weeks.
  One day Jesse came in to see him, and
Ed handed back the deputy’s badge Jesse
had pinned on him, months ago, down in
the law office.
  The old man's mustache jerked as his
mouth opened. “What’s this for?”
  “I won’t be needing that any more,
Dad.”
  “Why not, in tarnation?”
  “I’m not taking part in any more man-
BREED OF THE LAWDOG
41
hunts. From now on I'm going to con-
centrate on the smithy.”
  The old man took a gold toothpick from
his vest pocket and went through an
elaborate pantomime of removing foreign
matter from between his teeth. When he
spoke again, there was an edge of steel
in his raspy voice.
  “And jest how,” he said, “did you
come by sech a crazy idea?”
  “I decided I’ve done my share of up-
holding the law in this town, Dad. I’ve
risked my life plenty of times, and now
it’s costing me a pretty penny of business
lost at the smithy. I was watching Ellen
and the kids pretty close, that day when
I finally got my eyes open. They thought
I was dead, Dad. I ain’t going to put
Ellen and the kid through that kind of a
wringer again.”
THE old man's gray eyes burned at
him. as if trying to see right inside
him. “You an’ me’ve always been mighty
close, Ed. Always made me proud, the
way we can speak out in meeting to each
other. I’m gunna speak out right now.”
“Go ahead, Dad.”
  “I say you’re talkin' like a dad-blamed
young idiot, Ed.”
  “I didn’t really expect that you’d un-
derstand, Dad.”
  “Boy, where’s your brains? You know
what this town'll say, if you hand back
that deputy’s badge now? They’ll say
you turned on your daddy. They'll say—”
“And I’ll say that a man’s first loyalty
is to his wife and children, even more
than to his father.”
  "Mebbe. They’s logic in that. I’m
willin’ to see it, bein’ your father. This
town ain’t your father though, Ed. This
town ain’t goin’ to see a dad-blamed thing
but the fact that you got yourself shot up
an’ come a close call and decided that
deputy’s badge would look purtier on
some other vest.”
  Ed’s brown eyes met those of his father.
  “You savin’ I’m yellow, Dad?”
  The older man shifted on his long legs
and flung an uneasy glance out the win-
dow.
  “I’m tellin’ you not to be a dad-blamed
fool. You’ll lose a whole lot more black-
smithin’ business to Charlie Ingram if
you a*t this town rikd up at you, Ed.”
  "Why should they rile? I’ve done my
share. I’ve taken my chances. Why
shouldn’t I be able to live a peaceable
life now?”
  "Dag nab it, becuz you’re a Corbin, for
one thing. The Corbins has always been
tough and— Hell, boy, you know I been
hopin’ you’d take over this badge of mine
some day.”
  Ed shook his head slowly. “I never
will, Dad. I’m sorry.”
  “An’ why won’t you?”
  Ed let a moment pass, then said, "Be-
cause I think too much of Ellen.”
  "You’re talkin’ like a daggone hollow-
belly dude,” the older man suddenly ex-
ploded. "You ask me, you think too much
of Ed Corbin!”
  He had gone rampaging out, slamming
the door, leaving Ed to lie there frowning
against the pillow. He had thought that
Jesse would finally come around to his
way of thinking, but the tough old badge
toter had been cut too deeply by Ed’s de-
cision. Ed was his only son, the only
kin he had in this world, and Jesse needed
to be proud of Ed the way most men need
food for their stomachs.
* * *
  And now Jug Ewald, the town’s number
one trouble maker, had broken into Lucas’
Saloon during the night, had stolen Lucas’
cashbox full of small change and a supply
of booze. And Ed had made a beeline
straight to his father’s house, where he
knew the old lawdog was convalescing
after his most recent attack of lung trou-
ble. The white-mustached old man re-
ceived Ed’s news sourly.
  "What’re you so white about?” the
old man croaked at him. "You ain’t wear-
in’ a deputy’s badge these days.”
  "Dad, you’re in no shape to go out
there to Jug’s place. You been down sick
an’ you’re still weak as a kitten.”
  • Jesse Corbin fingered the ends of the
long white mustache. “Sick or well, I
reckon I got enough manhood in me to
cut Jug Ewald down to the size of his
britches.”
  "Why can’t you wait a while?” Ed
said. “You know how Jug is when he
gets his hands on a supply of booze. He’s
wooe'ti a rattlesnake, an’ twioa as dan-
42
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
gerous with them damn Henry rifles out
there at his cabin. But if you'd give him
time to drink himself—”
  “Into a stupor, hey?’’ said Jesse Corbin.
“So I could go out there and clap irons
on him while he was unconscious?”
“What’s wrong with that?”
  “Nothin’ much,” said old Jesse in a
deceptively soft voice. Then his gray
eyes hardened. “ ‘Cept that I ain’t that
kind of a lawman. Now suppose you iust
hustle your hocks on outta here, Ed.
“But—”
  “Drag it. Can't you tell when a man's
busy?”
  "Dad, you can’t—”
  “I’ll tell you what I can’t do. I can’t
stand here and listen to any more of your
notions how to make a safe job out of
toting a law badge. It ain’t a safe job.
Never will be. I knowed that when I
pinned the badge on. 1 ain’t never ducked
around trouble, and I’m a mite too old
to be startin’.”
  Ed took an outsized red handkerchief
from his pocket, and w-iped his damp
forehead. He looked down at the mono-
gram his mother had stitched into one
corner of the cloth, before making him a
birthday present of it, one long ago day.
  “Remember this, Dad? Mom gave it to
me.”
  “What about it?”
  “Nothin’. Just thinkin’ how she’d hate
seein’ us squared off at each other this
way, if she was still livin’.”
  The older man’s face went dead sober,
the old eyes started to film, then Jesse
wiped his nose with an impatient finger
and snapped, "Ain't no proper time for
a man to be thinkin’ them kind of soften-
up thoughts, Ed. I got a tough job ahead
of me.”
  Reluctantly, Ed stuffed the red hand-
kerchief in his hip pocket. “Dad, I wish
you’d wait.”
  The old man’s unpredictable temper
Hared up. "An’ I wish you’d haul your
freight on outta here. Tf you can't act
Uie part of a Corbin, the least you can
do is keep clear. You’re worse’ll a calami-
ty-howlin’ female. I swear if they was any
Corbin blood in you, it sure must of bled
out when you was in that bank ruckus . . .
Now skedaddle. You're :— :>i’ me
nervous.”
  Ed stood there, wondering where his
duty lay. Should he go, as Jesse com-
manded, and permit the old man to ride
out to Jug Ewald’s cabin, straight into a
heap of gun trouble he was in no physical
shape to cope with? Or should he pre-
vent his father from going out there
by force?
  He considered that thought only for a
brief instant. For old Jesse was snap-
ping: “You hear me say git?”
  The long white mustache quivered, at-
testing to the degree of Jesse’s impatience
now, and the thin, leathery face was red
as a barn roof. He’ll have a stroke, Ed
thought, if I keep whittling at him. He
turned to go.
  "Next time I want to talk to you, Ed,”
the old man said, “I’ll tell you,” Then,
as Ed paused in the door, the unpre-
dictable old man changed his tack once
again. “I s’pose you meant well enough.
Wasn’t no need for you to worry. Can’t
kill a Corbin.”
CAN’T kill a Corbin, Ed thought, as
he walked back up Semple Street
to the corner of Semple and Grove. His
father had said it a thousand times, more
or less. Why? Why would a man say
a thing like that, over and over? Be-
cause he believed it? Or perhaps because
lie wanted to believe it. Because it was
necessary for him to believe it, in order
to keep up his courage, which after all
was the stock-in-trade of a town marshal.
  But you can kill a Corbin. You can
kill old Jesse, the shape he’s in. Especial-
ly you can kill Jesse if your name is Jug
Ewald and you’re barricaded in your
cabin with two Henry rifles and a supply
of whisky.
  Ed took the red handkerchief out of his
pocket and again wiped globules of per-
spiration from his worried forehead. Sud-
denly his slight legs began to move faster,
until he was going at a half walk, half
jo" down Grove toward the smithy. And
then he was running.
  The big long-coupled bay gelding be-
longed to Slim Cottrell, who rode for
Teakettle. The bay was newly shod and
rea !y to go. F.d knew Slim Cottrell’s
town habits, knew that the tanny would
be too busy in Lucas’ saloon the next
three-four hours to be calling for his horse
BREED OF THE LAWDOG
43
at the smithy in the interim between.
 Ed flung a saddle on the bay and rode
out Davis Alley toward the Ridge Trail
and the shortcut over the Notch that
would take him to Jug Ewald’s cabin.
  If he rode like a demon, if Jesse took
his time and went the longer but easier
way, which seemed likely considering the
old man’s physical condition, Ed ought
to have a half hour out there alone with
Jug Ewald.
He tie
      tied the bay to a juniper tree, a
quarter mile from the cabin, and walked
carefully toward it on foot. As he came
into the cleared ground that bordered
the path to Jug Ewald’s spring, he could
see smoke curling from Jug’s chimney.
He stepped down onto the path, and
would have continued toward the cabin,
had not a slug whined past his head, gone
spanging into a tree behind him.
  He heard the sound of that Henry rifle's
explosion from inside the cabin, and then
Jug’s voice, high pitched, strident with
emotion, thickened by booze.
 “One more step forward an’ I’ll cor-
rect my aim some, Ed. Them big buttons
acrost your front’d make a right interestin’
target. Whatta you want?”
  “Talk with you, Jug,” Ed called to the
man who lurked behind that threatening
rifle, within the cabin.
 “Go ahead. I’m a-listenin’.”
 “You was always more hospitable lhan
that, Jug. I could sure use me a mouthful
of what you been guzzling.”
 “What you want out here, Ed? You
reppin’ for your old man, in his sickness ?”
“I can’t talk so eaay, Jug, with that
rifle trained on me.”
 “Don’t tell me you got your nerve
back? You back to wearin’ one of them
deppity badges?”
  “Do I get that drink, Jug? Ed took a
step forward, gingerly, like a man walk-
ing on rollers.
  “You’ll get a mouthful of lead, if you
ain’t damn careful. Take that gunbelt
off nice and easy. Drop it in the dirt an’
we’ll talk about drinkin’ whisky.” His
voice slurred. “How’d you know I was
hjfvin’ a booze party?”
  Ed kept his hands in front of him and
took another step forward.
  “You hear me tell you to drop them
guns? Jug Ewald snarled from behind
the long Henry rifle. The barrel jabbed
toward Ed through the window, sunlight
glinting off its blue surface.
  “You wouldn’t shoot me, Jug,” Ed
said. “You know you’d hang for it.”
“Try me,” said the booze-crazed man
in the cabin. “Take another step towards
me, Ed. Jest try me.”
  Ed stood there, testing the temper of
his opponent another brief moment. It
came to him that beyond any doubt Jug
Ewald would shoot him down in cold
blood, if pressed to it further. Ed said,
“I ain’t going to put my head in a lion’s
mouth, Jug. Reckon I’ll drop the guns.”
“Just be damn careful about it. I ain’t
in no mood to fool with you or nobody.”
Ed unbuckled his gunbelt and dropped
it on the ground.
  “Do I rate that drink now?”
  “I ain’t drinkin’ with Jesse Corbin’s
son,” said Jug Ewald in a suddenly harsh
inflection. “I spent too much time in jail
on that old he-devil’s account.”
  Ed heard that warning tone in the
voice, like the noise of a rattlesnake get-
IATE TO SHAVE YOUR UPPER UP?
                                                Try a Star Blade on those tough stubble patches
                                                —those spots where whiskers are wiry and akin
                                                tender. Feel the smoother, better shave you get.
                                                Sturdier Star Blades are precision-made to taka
                                                | and hold a sharper edge. Try better shaving at a
                                                ! real saving.
STAR
44
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
ting ready to strike at a helpless victim.
He could almost smell the ugliness of Jug
Ewald’s intention. He saw the sunspots
shift on the rifle barrel as it moved slight-
ly in Jug Ewald’s hands, then flame
belched from it, even as Ed dropped fran-
tically to the ground.
  He was a slight man, and agile, for a
blacksmith. He caught his gunbelt in one
hand, and rolled as he fell, hauling the
clattering weight of those sixguns with •
him. He rolled toward the cabin, not away
from it, and came up close to the wall,
where Jug Ewald's black eyes and search-
ing rifle barrel could not be brought to
train on him.
  He said, panting, “I’m going to kill
you for that, Jug. Hear meP”
  There was no sound from within the
cabin. Ed stood frozen against the logs
of the wall. !:<-■ took one gun out of a
holster, and dropped the belt to the
ground.
  “Come on out with your hands up, Jug.
Yoy don’t have a chance, and you know
it. You’re drunk. I’ll kill you, sure, if
you try to make a fight of it.”
1Y/fORE silence from within the cabin.
-L*-*- Ed stood there, waiting, waiting un-
willing to breathe hard for fear Jug
Ewald could use that sound to locate his
position against the wall, and so shoot
liim.
  He heard a rumble of curses, then a
sound which could have been only a shat-
tering whisky glass, flung aside in a fit of
temper. What he saw next was a sight
he would remember down the long years
till he lay on his deathbed. First one
Henry rifle, then the other, hurtled
through the window beside him and lay
harmless upon the packed earth of Jugs
pathwgy.
  The front door of the cabin swung
creakily inward and Jug Ewald himself
staggered into the aperture, stood there
unsteadily, frowning into the brightness
of late-morning sunlight. He was drunk
as a hoot owl and at the same time cold
Bober, which a man sometimes can be,
as Ed knew when he heard Jug Ewald
saying •
  “I ain’t goin’ to tangle with you, Ed.
t’m drunk an’ like you say, you’d likely
kill me. If I kilt you, theyd hang me. I
ain’t so drunk I'm willin’ to hang for
stealin’ a couple handsful of silver an’ a
dozen bottles of whisky . . . You never
had to duck down so fast, Ed- I was still
just scare-shootin’ at you. Figgerpd to
get your guns, and run you off my land,
You was too quick for me.”
  Ed looked into the bleary eyes and
knew, suddenly, that the man was telling
the truth, “Let’s go inside and have that
drink. Jug.”
  They did. Ed searched the cabin, and
could find no more guns. “My pop's on
his way out here. Jug, I'm takin’ those
Henrys along with me- Just you give
yourself up to Pop, nice and peaceful,
and never mention me bein’ out here, and
I give you my word I won’t tell the court
nothin’ about bow you tried to gun me.
You'll get off a whole lot easier than
you’ve got any right to ... Is it a deal?”
“All right, Ed,” said Jug Ewald, and
he whined just a little. “I never meant
to plug you. I was—”
  “The judge,” Ed said, "might not take
your word for that, Jug.”
  He went out hurriedly, picked up his
gunbelt and the two Henry rifles, and
walked toward the tethered bay gelding,
not even glancing back at the frightened
face of the man who remained in the
cabin. The undergrowth was thick as he
left the path to reach the tethered horse.
  He was tanging a redhot shoe from the
forge, later that day, when his father
strode into the smithy, “ ’Lo, Dad,” Ed
said smoothly. ‘‘Dave Christianson was in
a few minutes back to say you'd rode in
with Jug Ewald- No trouble at all, hey?”
“That’s right, Ed,” the old man said.
“No trouble.”
  “Guess I shouldn’t have worried.”
“Guess not/’ said Jesse, “No need of
it. He come like a lamb , , , I—uH-=I
ain’t a man that likes to admit bein’ wrong,
Ed, but it could be I’ve spoke out of turn
towards you. Thinkin’ back on the fights
you an’ me been in together, ’pear? t' me
you can Stand on your record,”
  He turned to go, then paused in the
door of the smithy. “By the way, I found
that red handkerchief of ypurs hangin' on
a catclaw bush near where you had your
horse tethered this mornin’. Next time
you go for to pull the wool on your pop'a
eyes, don’t leave no red flags up.”
Published
10STERN
TV MAGAZINE
December 9th
Recovering a fortune in stolen horses, Andy
Hogan and Dirk Keeler (ought their way
through a vaquero ambuscade, twisting the noses
of Don Patricio Raile and Perce Juran, his
gun-chief.
Andy found himself wearing a iaw-badge, while
Dirk turned outlaw. When Dirk surprised his
bride Eileen with Andy, he pulled a gun, shout-
ing: “Don’t ever call me friend again, Andy
HoganI”
Dirk rode into ■ gun-trap to grab a Wells-Fargo
payroll, but Andy braved possemen’s bullets to
rescue him with the message: “Juran’s headed for
Mexico with the payroll—and your pretty bride,
Eileen I”
Dirk’s outlaw savvy brought the two to a show-
down with Juran’s gun-crew in the fantastic
underground ruins of an Indian city. The com-
plete story will be told in L. L. Foreman’s “Blaze
a Wild Trail to Hell!”
43
All the Johnny-Reb cowpokes needed to hang Tott
Crovet was a tall tree—and the savvy to outsmart
and outfight a back-to-the-wall YankeeI
Hk gum Mm*
Mask m4 A«W
      Looking for a pool deep enough
to bathe in, Tott Crovet headed up-stream.
His dark face, rough-shaped and strong,
but showing pinch and strain, was set in
a deep frown. His mind, as well as hi*
body, was full of grime and grit, and a
swim would do him good both inside
and out. It was early dark. Cap Andre’s
A Bar A herd was on the bedground, and
the cook, shrill and cranky as a jay, was
46
           Tense Novelette of Treachery on the—
HANG-TREE TRAIL
       By MARVIN DeVRJES
giving the punchers lined up at the chuck-
wagon a piece of his mind.
  Away from the sound of their voices
he slowed down. A flock of small birds
rose ahead and he stopped to watch the
stir they raised on the quiet water. Where
they w’ent was a small spit of white sand
reaching out into the water like a bleached
bone, and Tott’s eyes, always attracted
to natural oddments, rested idly on the
spot a moment. Suddenly, his glance sharp-
ened. A man was stretched out on his
stomach on the narrow spit, his fingertips
making a white riffle in the water. He
looked as if he were reaching for a drink,
or cooling his hands, lost in the pleasure
of what he was doing, but Tott knew it
wasn't so. The man was too limp and mo-
tionless; he looked dead.
  Tott waded in and went across. The
spit sand was quick and drifted off in a
froth when he stepped on it, but it wasn’t
deep, and he found solid footing under-
neath. The fallen man was the A Bar \
trail boss, and he was stone dead. lie 1
been shot in the back, and a gaping h> ■
47
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
48
showed in his chest where the bullet had
come out. His body still felt warm to the
touch. His name was Cobb. He had been
a bitter die-hard rebel, and had condoned
every humiliation his hot-blooded, Yankce-
hating Texan sprouts had heaped on Tott.
There had been time when Tott Crovet
would gladly have killed him, and didn’t
care who knew it; the time would come
when he would bitterly regret every mum-
bled threat.
  Bogged to his knees in quicksand Tott
got the trailboss halfway to solid ground
when a gun roared and a bullet screamed
past his ear. Pie dropped down again, and
crouched behind the limp body, scanning
the willows to see where the shot came
from. Here and there a small-sized tree
poked its head higher than the rest, but
because of frequent Indian burnoffs most
of it reached no more than head-high and
made good bushwhack cover. Tott
couldn't locate a sign of smoke or move-
ment. The roar of the gun trailed off
to nowhere, carrying with it the boisterous
sounds from camp. A flight of ducks
slanted toward him, then veered suddenly
and made off in another direction.
  “Throw off your gun, Crovet, and get
your hands in the air," a man finally called
from the brush. “Don’t try anything funny
or I'll blow your head off.”
  Tott recognized the voice. “Arbo,” he
called, “c’mere, quick. Cobb's been shot.”
Kell Arbo crashed through the brush,
cussing at the snags that raked at him,
and came into the open. “What the hell
ails you?” he snarled. "I know he’s been
shot. I seen it done.” He carried his
cocked gun in his hands and his fingers
twitched on the trigger. “Grab holt an’ get
him to camp.”
  “That’s what I was trying to do when
you opened up at me. What’s going on
here, anyway?”
  “That’s what I’d like to know. An’ I
reckon we’ll damn’ soon find out. Grab
holt.” Kell Arbo was a big, shabby man,
a different breed entirely from the rest of
the crew. Outside of Cobb, he was prob-
ably the only one in the crew with enough
trail savvy to make a drive like this tick,
and he would probably be their next trail-
boss, a prospect that wasn’t apt to please
anyone except his special friends.
  Cobb was a big man and Tott was com-
pletely winded by the time he got him to
camp and let him sag to the ground beside
the fire. “I saw him lying on a sand bar
across the creek, and—”
  “Shut up, I’ll tell this,” Kell Arbo
broke in. “You, Yorey, grab his gun.”
YOUNG Bub Yorey, one of the worst
of the plaguers, stepped forward, and
took Tott's gun. His eyes slanted up at
Tott’s when he did it, and a triumphant
grin spread across his face. “There’s hell
a-brewin’ now, blue-nose,” he jeered.
  Cap Andre, always a little slow to catch
on to anything, leaned over Cobb for some
time, his thin pointed face gradually tight-
ening with distress. Finally he straight-
ened and muttered in a dazed voice; “He’s
dead.”
  “Sure enough,” Kell Arbo answered
sardonically. “Stone dead.”
  “I heard the shot,” Bub Yorey put in,
sniffing at Tott's weapon.
  Tott shook his head. “I haven’t used
that gun since we left the Brazos.”
  Yorey extracted the cartridges, and his
grin widened. One of them was empty.
“Ever hear of a Texas hangin’ bee?” he
inquired.
  Tott looked from face to face. Old
Suggs, the cook, a fire-eating unrecon-
structed reb if ever there was one sud-
denly slapped his knee and let out a howl.
“I’m agoin’ to make the rope,” he shrilled.
“I know how it’s done. Get me a throw
rope, Bub.”
  Jo Andre, the only one here who mat-
tered to Tott. put her hand on Suggs’ arm,
trying to quiet him. She was slim and
shapely, and most of these buttons almost
lost their minds thinking about her. She
was here because she knew her father
wasn't the man to make this drive, and
that unless she came along she would prob-
ably never set eyes on him again. She
never spoke to Tott, but he knew she
watched him sometimes, and he felt that
somehow he stirred her interest. When-
ever their eyes met, she put on an arro-
gant look and turned away. She spoke
to Suggs now in a quiet voice and his
toothless jaws clamped shut to hold back
what he wanted to say.
  Cap Andre, trailing again as usual,
said; “Who did this?”
  Kell Arbo canted his head toward Tott.
HANG-TREE TRAIL
49
‘‘You would have to hire a blue-nose Fed
who can’t take a little ribbing, wouldn't
you?” he remarked, critically.
  “You dirty lyin’ crook,” Tott flared sud-
denly. “You—”
  “I heard the shot and saw Cobb drop,”
Kell Arbo broke in, curling the black twist
of hair that always hung in his left eye.
“Then Crovett came across and tried to
hide in the brush.”
  "You liar,” Tott flared. "You cooked
this up so—”
  “Don’t call me a liar,” Kell roared, giv-
ing Tott a hard shove with the muzzle of
his gun.
  Tott slammed into the chuckwagon
headfirst, and pots and pans clattered.
Suggs yelped angrily. Most of them
laughed. Tott straightened slowly and
turned to face them. Many times during
the past weeks, when most men would
have let their tempers fly regardless of con-
sequences, Tott had taken a strangle-hold
on his own and held it in check. But now
at last he opened up and told them what
he thought. “You dirty, mean, snivelling
no-goods,” he started in, pointing at Cobb.
“There’s the only man in the bunch of
you. He hated my guts for being a Yan-
kee as much as any of you, but he was
honest and he knew his business and that’s
more than can be said for any of the rest
of you. Get him buried. Pay your respects.
Or are you all so tickled you’ve got an ex-
cuse to hang me you want to keep him
lying around? That looks like your style
and I’m fed to the teeth with it. If you’re
Texans give me anything else. I’ve stom-
ached you for a year and a half and the
only thing any of you ever thought of all
the while was how to get my nose in the
dirt and keep it there. Why should I kill
Cobb? Because I couldn’t take a hurraw-
ing ? That would put me in the same class
with you, and I wouldn’t like it down
there. I think I know who killed Cobb—”
his eyes raked Kell Arbo briefly from
head to foot "—but I reckon it ain’t worth
mentioning to you.”
  "What about this empty ca’tridge ?”
Bub Yorey broke in, his eyes smokey with
anger.
  "Figure it out for yourself if it won’t
give you brain fever,” Tott Crovet an-
swered.
  Kell Arbo stalked forward, his eyes
blazing. When he was close enough he
struck Tott across the face with the flat
of his hand, first on one side, then the
other. Tott’s head flopped and buzzed, and
his blood boiled. He braced a leg against
the wagon-wheel, and struck Arbo a blow
in the face that sounded like a cook slap-
ping a chunk of meat with the flat of his
cleaver. Kell Arbo’s head whipped back
and Tott gave him another blow in the
stomach, doubling him up. He staggered
in a tight circle, swinging his gun like a
club. It caught Tott across the legs, rip-
ping his pants across both legs and cutting
a gash across his thighs. But Arbo lost
his balance doing it and went to the
ground, his gun whipping out of sight un-
der the chuckwagon.
  Suggs let out a shrill yell, his eyes glit-
tering with wild turmoil. Red Umley and
the Nolan Boys stood apart whispering
among themselves. Cap Andre lifted his
hands trying to think of something to stop
it.
  “Don’t nobody butt in,” Kell Arbo
warned. “I'll kill him with my bare hands.”
  He looked like he could do it. Veteran
of a hundred bar-room brawls, each with
its mark upon him, what he knew totted
up to something a man didn’t learn any
other way. His hat sailed off his head, his
unruly hair poured down over his eyes,
and he came in like a charging buffalo.
He struck, and Tott went to his knees.
Arbo beat him on the head with both fists;
he stomped the calves of Tott’s legs; he
hooked his bootheels behind Tott’s ankles
and tried to break his bones. Finally, he
grabbed a foot and swung Tott in a cir-
cle, working back toward the wagon
wheel so he could brain him. But he
tripped on the uneven ground before he
f;ot that far and went down with a thud,
osing his hold. Tott rolled out his mo-
mentum and came to his feet, bracing him-
self against the wheel, his chest heaving,
his eyes smoky with wrath, the fury of
Arbo’s fist still thumping in his head.
  Arbo rushed him again; Tott raised
himseK on the wheel and kicked out with
both feet. One boot caught Arbo on the
chin and his teeth snapped like a bear-
trap. He went to his back again and rolled,
coming up on all fours, working his sore
jaw and wincing with pain. He made a
swipe at Tott’s boot with one hand, but
50
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
missed, then jumped forward like a frog,
head boring for Tott’s belly. Tott side-
stepped the charge and Arbo crashed into
the wagon-box. Tott gave him a hard rab-
bit punch that staggered him. He lurched
around in a tight circle, his eyes rolling.
  Tott bored in again and gave him more.
One blow doubled him up, and he hugged
his belly, yowling with pain. Half-blind,
lie rammed forward again. Tott backed off
trying to keep out of reach, but somebody
stuck out a boot and tripped him. He went
down flat and Arbo jumped him again,
raking and kicking until he exhausted
himself. He was in no condition now to
carry out his boast to kill Tott Crovet
with his bare hands, but Tott didn't know
it for some time to come. A vicious blow
struck him in the head and knocked him
senseless.
  Before long, Kell Arbo and Red Umley
came back, and said they had found a tree.
Arbo was in bad shape. He held his arm
across his stomach, and moved his jaw
carefully wdien he spoke. "You might
know a stinker like that would light dirty,”
he muttered. "Get a move on. Red.”
Umley got a horse off the picket line
and loaded Tott aboard, aches and pains
included. Kell Arbo went ahead with the
smoky lantern. Red Umley led the horse.
The Nolan boys followed behind.
  “I don't see why we can't wait till
mornin', to hang him,” Bub Yorey mut-
tered. “There's no rush.”
  "lie didn't wait to plug Cobb,” Kell
i-narled over his shoulder.
  Jo Andre stayed in camp, but before
they reached the creek she came running
and made a commotion. Cap Andre tried
to quiet her. and finally went back to cam])
with her. Yorey cussed, and then they all
wrapped themselves in bleak silence until
they found the tree Kell Arbo had picked
out.
  ‘‘Hell’s Blind Mice!" someone exploded
when he saw it. "That’s no tree. That's a
bush.”
  “It’s the biggest around here,” the new-
trailboss snapped. "Throw the rope over
tliat branch there, Red.”
  Until now, for Yorey and the other
sprouts, this had been a pastime, like the
rest of their hurraw ing, a new' way to twist
a Yankee tail, but now they began to turn
a little pale around the gills, and moved
back step by step, letting Arbo, Umley,
and the two Nolan boyg handle it. Young
Casson, usually full of starch and bluster,
suddenly turned and stumbled back to
camp. The rest of them, gulping to lubri-
cate their lumpy throats, whispered and
twittered among themselves like birds in
the bushes. Oddly enough, Suggs, the old
fire-eater, wouldn't have anything to do
with this hanging and had gone to bed.
  Kell Arbo looked things over, then
stepped to the horse and slapped it on the
rump. Tott slid off behind and dropped,
his heart jumping to his throat. The rope
jerked and twanged and Tott heard the
sudden intake of breath all around him.
Shame and humiliation touched him the
most, because he had seen this done in the
war, and knew how ludicrous a man
looked dangling from a rope, twisting and
squirming like a headless chicken. Then
his feet touched the ground and he stood
on tiptoe, neck stretched so his breath
wheezed out of his throat.
  ‘‘I k no wed that damn' branch wouldn't
Isold,” someone growled. “Anybody could
a’ seen that.” '
  Bub Yorey stepped forward and cut the
rope. Tott sagged to the ground and
caught his breath. Kell Arbo swore and
had a hurried talk with Umley. Then he
strode back to camp, letting who wanted
pick up the pieces.
  "Belter luck next time, Yank,” Yorey
muttered, getting back his lip.
  Somebody laughed, and Tott was back
where he started, the butt of their heritage
of hate.
Casson, who had stumbled away too
soon to see what happened was throwing
his stuff together and getting ready to pull
out when Tott got back to camp. Jo
Andre, showing in her eyes all the wild
turmoil she had gone through, glanced
swiftly at Tott, then turned away too un-
steady to say anything. Suggs had one eye
open, watching everything, his toothless
face twisted sardonically, but he didn’t
get up. Kell Arbo w'atched Casson’s flur-
ried preparations for some time, and fi-
nally said; “Just what do you think you’re
HANG-TRBE TRAIL
51
goin’ to do?” Kell glared down at him.
  “I'm pullin’ out,” Cassons answered.
"I’m goin' home. Any objections?”
“Well. Don’t you want your pay?”
“Why—why, sure.”
  Arbo walked toward him, fishing in his
pocket. Casson waited, innocently sur-
prised at the oiler. "There then," Arbo
said when he was close enough, and hit
him in the face, a shocking, completely
unexpected blow that turned Casson
glassy-eyed. A sound fluttered on his lips,
but before he got it out his neck kinked,
his knees buckled, and he went down like
a shot horse. Kell chuckled and turned
to the rest; “Anybody else got any funny
notions ?”
  “Well, not just now I guess," Yorey
drawled. “Give us time.”
  “I don’t want no more of that.” Arbo
snapped. “And while we're at it I might
as well lay down a little law that goes
from now on. Gather round.”
  Arbo had a whole headful of law. lie
said he w as worried about the remuda be-
cause they wore in Indian country, and he
assigned two men to go out and stand
watch with the wrangler every night from
now on. He also doubled the herd night
guard so that when he got through there
wasn’t much of anyone left in camp.
  "When do we sleep?” Yorey inquired,
mounting to ride off lo the bed-ground.
  “Next month when you get to Dodge.
Now get a move on. There’ll be no more
round-sidin" or dodgin’ work around here.
Get that through your heads an’ keep it
there.”
  “What about him?” Yorey asked,
pointing at Tott.
  “Don't worry about him,” Arbo an-
swered. “We’ll find another tree."
rpKEKS were few and far between. The
land was deep in grass that whispered
a constant song above the low' rumble of
the moving herd, but day after day not a
tree showed its fuzzy blur against the
horizon. Tott Crovet had his liberty so
he could help with the herd, but he didn't
get hack his gun, and he rode beat-up
horses so he wouldn't get far if he tried
to escape. Everybody kept an eye on him,
Suggs especially. He had a rifle on the
seat beside him in the chuck wagon and
boasted lie meant to use it if Tott made
any kind of a move to slope out of there.
  By now, the crew was split wide open
into two cliques, Kell Arbo and hi» three
friends against the rest, but what it would
come to Tott couldn’t guess. Ever sine©
that night Arbo laid down the law the
young Texans had been worked and
driven to death. Cap Andre was sick most
the time and let things go. Even if he had
had his health he probably wouldn’t have
stood up to Kell ArDo because the trail-
Ixiss could leave him flat and throw him
into a w'orse fix than he was in now. Tott
could have handled the drive, but it would
have raised more commotion than there
was now, and no one would have had the
gall to ask him. He was living on bor-
rowed time, for a little while only.
  Young Casson, the first to feel Kell
Arbo’s heavy hand, lost his life crossing
the Canadian. Worn out with day and
night work, he went dowrn in quicksand,
lost his horse, and couldn’t make it to
shore. It might have happened regard-
less, but Yorey blamed Kell Arbo, and
they had words about it. Now Bub Yorey
was getting it in the neck. Arbo claimed
he was stirring up talk of deserting, al-
though so far Tott hadn't heard anything
of the kind. Day in and day out, he and
Yorey rode drag together, another thorn
in Yorey's flesh. He claimed it ought to
he rotated, the way Cobb had done, but
Arbo wouldn’t listen. One day, Tott
asked him pointblank about the talk, but
he denied it.
  “You'll hear plenty of it, though, if he
crowds me much more.” Yorey stated. “I
don't give a damn what anybody says.
And it won’t be just talk either. Maybe
we'll all pull out.”
  “That would make it pretty tough for
the Andre’s.”
  "You can take care of them,” Yorey
answered sardonically. “Jo doesn't want
me around anyway. ’ His voice caught
suddenly, and a bleak, bitter look clouded
his eyes.
  “She doesn’t want me either. I'm a
Yankee, you know.”
  “Well, dammit, you can get over it,
can’t you ?”
  “Maybe, when you get over being
Johnny Rebs. That would clear it all up.”
“So would a bolt of lightning.”
  “You would sure like to have somebody
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
feel sorry for you, now wouldn’t you?”
  “Yeah, I would.”
  “Don’t ask me to. After all, you know,
you almost got me hung.”
  “Only almotf,” Yorey mumbled.
"You’d be surprised what even a little
stretching like that can do to a man. It
sticks in his craw a long time. And, re-
member, as soon as somebody sees a
likely tree, I’m cooked.”
  "I didn’t smell any gun-smoke on your
gun that night,” Yorey confessed sudden-
ly.
  "I know you didn’t.”
  “You must think I’m a helluva heel.”
“I do think there could be considerable
improvement.”
  ‘The fact is, Arbo put the words in my
mouth. I know that now. He rammed the
whole thing down our throats.”
  "You liked it at the time.”
  Yorey cussed with exasperation. “You
got to remember we’ve been mauled
around considerable.”
  "That’s what happens to anybody who
gets in a fight, win or, lose. You got licked
and couldn’t take it.”
  "You don’t need to rub it in.”
  "I haven’t noticed anybody letting up
on me.”
  "I've let up. Hell, I get a thousand
ideas I could use to pester you and I
throw ’em all over my shoulder. I’m too
damn’ miserable myself.”
  "What’re you going to do when another
tree shows up. Are you going to speak
your piece?”
  "What good would it do? Arbo knows
I hate his guts and he’d claim I was
changing my tune just to block him.”
  "I reckon that’s true,” Tott agreed
glumly.
  The grass thinned out for a stretch and
dust choked them to silence. Slowly, they
climbed a bare rise, and when they
reached the top an upsweep of wind took
the dust away.
  “Oh, oh,” Yorey muttered, all at once,
and pointed. "There she is."
TTE WAS pointing to a tree that threw
its green branches to the sky on the
far horixon, and Tott saw where his trail
ended. His lips twisted wryly. "It looks
fflce a man wouldn’t have any trouble
Andlog a sottd branch on that,” he re-
marked, finding humor in his tight.
  “Hell, it’s bigger’n a windmill.”
  “Well,” Tott muttered, with quiet
resignation.
  “I don’t reckon we'll make it till to-
morrow.”
  "No, I reckon not.”
Suggs, topping the rise with the wagon
let out a shrill yell, and pointed, too.
“That old buzzard,” Yorey growled.
Kell Arbo rode up, a loose-lipped grin
on his face. "Looks like rough country
ahead, Crovet,” he remarked.
  Yorey scowled, and started to sputter
about the way Tott Crovet had been rail-
roaded into this fix. “Hell, he was out
cold when we took a vote. We ought to
give him his say, anyway.”
  "I always thought you was kinda
chicken-hearted, Yorey,” Kell Arbo
stated. "Kinda yaller. Don’t try to back
up, that’s all I got to say.” He had a
handful of raisins, a special treat for any-
body, and popped them into his mouth one
by one without offering them around.
  "So that’s where Sugg’s raisins went
to,” Yorey exploded. “He's been belly-
achin’ about ’em all over the place for a
week.”
  “Yeah,” Arbo agreed coolly, “but he
finally got a hunch who tooken ’em,
Yorey, so we went through your bedroll,
and there they were.”
  "My bedroll?”
  "Yeah. So you see what you're in for.
I told you boys anybody caught messin’
around that chuckwagon would get a
horse-whippin’. As soon as we make
camp an’ get some grub we’ll have that
out. ’
  "Oh, no. I ain’t messed around the
chuckwagon. If them raisins was found
in my bedroll somebody planted ’em
there. As far as that goes, mebbe I don’t
need to look very far to see who did it.”
Arbo’s eyes glinted wickedly, and he
snapped the twist of black hair out of his
eyes with the back of his hand. He looked
like he was boiling mad. He went through
the right motions, but Tott Crovet could
see it was a show. It was something that
was part of a plan, to stir up a commotion
and keep these young Texans in an up-
roar, picking on Yorey because he was
their ringleader.
  "You’re a smart little snot-nose,” Arbo
HANG-TREE TRAIL
53
went on with calculated contempt, “cuttin’
your fancy capers and makin' big talk
about pullin’ out and takin' the whole
damned crew with you if I didn't let up.
You still got a lot to learn, and it won’t
take me long to learn you. with a horse
whip. I’ll see you later.” He popped the
last of the raisins into his mouth, wiped
his fingers on his shirt, and rode off.
  Yorey's face was white with rage. “I
don't like raisins,” he ranted. “Why
should I snitch raisins?”
  “If you stopped to think, Yorey,” Tott
remarked, “you could put two and two
together, and it might give you a notion
how that empty cartridge got into my
gun.”
  “The buzzard,” Yorey growled, “The
low-down buzzard.”
“And if he put words into your mouth
about smcllin’ gunsmoke on my gun, may-
be lie's puttin’ notions into your head
about pullin’ oul. It sounded that way.”
“What would that get him?”
  “I wouldn't jump too fast, that’s all.”
“Nobody's ever goin' to put a whip to
me.” He swung suddenly and rode
around the edge of the herd, probably to
let off steam to one of his young friends.
He always talked too much, and it oc-
curred to Tott that he might talk himself
into a whipping.
  Tott rode into the dust again and tried
to make some plans of his own. Yorey
wouldn’t try to block the hanging. He
might sputter and fume, but in the end he
would let it go through, and settle with
his conscience by building up his hate
against the Yankees, convincing himself
by degrees he had done the right thing.
On the other hand, if he stirred up a big
row when Kell Arbo tried to put a whip
to him, it might give Tott the chance he
was looking for to make a break, and clear
out. It would be near dark. There would
be good horses on the picket line. If he
could manage to get himself a gun he
would have a good chance, the only one,
probably, that would turn up before they
reached the tree the next day. Arbo
usually had the Nolan boys and Red Um-
ley throw a circle around camp to look for
Injun sign or whatever, and they seldom
got back before dark, sometimes much
later, so old Suggs and Arbo himself
would be the only ones to give him trouble.
SUGGS pulled far ahead to make camp.
Red Umley and the Nolan boys rode
off together to make their circle. A half
hour later, with evening shadows stretch-
ing horse and man to long stalking gaints,
Arbo signaled to halt. Yorey didn’t come
back. He was making talk with all his
friends, here and there. Arbo didn’t seem
lo	notice. The herd, trail broke by now,
gave 110 trouble. A pond of water with
tules around the edges gave them drink.
Tott saw Arbo ride across a stretch of it
to make sure cattle wouldn’t bog down.
Tott headed for camp, speculating on his
chances of getting hold of Sugg’s gun. He
usually left it on the wagon seat when he
worked around the chuckwagon. Tott
circlcd the wagon, climbed the wheel on
the off-side and looked in.
  “If you’re lookin’ for my gun,” Suggs
spoke up behind him, “I’ve got it here. I
knowed you’d be up to somethin’. I
knowed it the minute we spotted the tree.
Now get yourself tied to this rope.”
  “How in hell can I tie myself up?”
POPULAR MEANS EVERYBODY
    Being Popular Means Pleasing Everyone—
                           Pleasing Everyone Means Leadership.
To maintain it, under this seal are published well over 20,000,000
words of the best fiction available to meet EVERYONE'S demand
whether: Love, Western, Detective, Fantasy, Science, Sports, or
Adventure.
POPULAR DEMANDS — DEMAND POPULAR
YOUR GUARANTEE OF GOOD READING
54
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
  “I’ll finish what you can’t do. This time,
blue-nose, you're goin’ to hang good.”
  “Here they come now,” Tott said. He
didn’t look up, but he heard hoofbeats.
  “ ’Tain’t either,” Suggs muttered. “It’s
Jo, and' it looks like she’s got a bee in her
bonnet.” .
  Jo Andre, hair streaming and anger
flashing in her eyes, had the answer to
Suggs’ question. Bub Yorey and the
whole crew had caught fresh horses out
of the cawy and had pulled out. “I spoke
to Bub,” she stated, trying to keep her
voice down so she wouldn’t disturb her
father, "but he wouldn’t listen. He said
we oould got along with the men we had.”
  "An’ it’s all that damn’ buzzard’s
fault,” Suggs growled, pointing at Tott.
His eyes gleamed with bitter fire, and he
suddenly left his pot and pans, and got
busy making a noose, using some new
rope he found. He worked with savage
fury, and it didn’t take him long. When he
was finished he stuck one end of it
through the iron loop at the end of the
wagon pole, hoisted the pole in the air,
bolstering it with the wagon tongue, and
tied the loose end to a wheel. "If it busts
I’ll leave you choke to death,” he snarled,
adding the whole list of pet names he had
accumulated for the cussed northerners.
  Jo Andre tried to stop what he was do-
ing, but he gave her a hard shove, and
Tott tried to add his warning. Suggs was
in the middle of a fit that had to run its
course. He got a horse off the picket line
and loaded Tott abroad, like Red Umley
had done that night on the creek.
  "You’ve gone nuts, Suggs,” Tott told
him.
  "It’s high time,” Suggs shrilled back,
walking the horse toward the pole.
  "Stop it,” Jo Andre cried again. “Stop
it, Suggs. I—I’ll shoot.”
  Suggs whipped out his gun, and turned.
Wild as he was, he might have used it on
her, but Tott Crovet moved fast. His
hands were tied behind him, but his legs
were free, and he swung out of the saddle
and caught Suggs in the back with both
boots. Suggs lurched forward and went
down, his gun blazing wildly. Tott landed
running and jumped him before he could
twist around. He kicked Suggs in the arm
and sent the gun flying. Then he put a
boot across Suggs' o*ck and held him
down like a snake under a pronged stick.
Jo Andre got some rope and tied the old
fire-eater’s legs, wrapping it around like
a bandage from his ankles to his knees.
When she was finished Tott stepped back,
shaky with relief, and turned his back to
her so she could cut the ropes from his
hands. Suggs threshed and squirmed, but
the wildness was running out of him. A
long way off Tott heard gunfire, and
guessed what it was. Arbo had located
Yorey and the crew, and was in the middle
of a show-down with them. “Seems as if
he’ll fetch some of them hack anyway,”
Tott muttered.
  “Go now,” Jo begged. “Please go, be-
fore they get back.”
  Their eyes met in sudden solemn under-
standing. He put his hand on her arm, and
held it there, feeling her tremble. His eyes
lighted with sudden joy, and his lips
brushed her smooth cheek. “I’m coming
back,” he told her.
  She shook her head bitterly. “Don’t
come back,” she whispered. "We can’t
get past this bitter hate.”
  He didn't answer. He scooped Sugg’s
gun off the ground, climbed the horse and
racked away.
c™ Sbie-ltaAd ya+tJM
     Kell Arbo came back empty-
handed, and he came alone. “Those yaller
dogs,” he growled. "They heard us come
an' laid an ambush. They didn’t give us
a chance. Poor ol’ Red. An’ the Nolans,
too. Shot down like dogs. I don't know
what we're goin’ to do now.”
  “That damn’ blue-nose eot away, too,”
Suggs wailed. “I got mad clear through
an' was goin' to hang him to the wagon
pole, but he broke away.”
  “I helped him,” Jo Andre spoke up
with a defiant look at Arbo.
  “I might ‘a’ knowned you would try it,”
Suggs muttered irritably.
  "Yes, you might.”
  "You reckon the old man kin stand a
talkin’ to?” Arbo spoke up. “We got to
settle what we’re goin’ to do.”
  “Come over here, all of you,” Cap
Andre called.
  Kell Arbo gave a long-winded talk,
mentioning the incidents that led up to
HANG'TREE TRAIL
55
th« fix they were in now. The only thing
to do now,” he finally ended up, “is to get
outa here as fast as we cin git, an’ save our
skins. Willie ain’t worth a hoot for any-
thing except wranglin’ horses; Suggs
can’t ride, and you’re a sick man. That
leaves Jo and me, and what the hell we cin
do with a herd, I don’t know.”
  “Can’t we hire some riders—some-
where?” Cap Andre put in.
  “Where?”
  In the end, grudging and bitter, Cap
Andre said what had to be said. “We’ll
let everything go. Turn back. We’ll take
one wagon for Suggs and me, and a few
spare horses. Let the rest go.”
  “Goda'mighty!” Suggs breathed, now
that it was said. “That blasted blue-
nose!”
  “Let’s put the blame where it belongs,”
Andre said.
  "Where’s that?” Suggs demanded.
  “Not on Tott Crovet.’
  “He croaked Cobb,” Suggs insisted.
  “I doubt it,” Cap Andre stated, bleakly.
He turned to Arbo. “I think you did,
Arbo, and I think you brought us to this
for your own ends.”
  Arbo whipped the twist of hair out of
his bulging eyes as if he’d been shot in the
head. For a second he was too stunned to
•ay anything, Then he grabbed Andre by
the shirt and opened up. “I’d kill you out
of hand for that kind of talk if you wasn’t
a sick man. Ain’t I kept this outfit on the
move ever since Cobb got croaked? I’d
still keep it on the move if I had a crew.”
He stopped, and swallowed his words, and
a hurt look came to his face. “Believe
me,” he went on, “it hurts, after what I’ve
done. I reckon you think the same of poor
Red and the Nolan boys.”
  "Oh, stop it,” Cap Andre muttered,
disgustedly.
  Arbo’s anger flared again, and he sud-
denly slapped Andre across the face.
"Talk like that ain't free,” he muttered.
"You’ll find that out.”
  Jo Andre struck out with the flat of her
hand, and Arbo cursed. Andre caught her
hand, and pulled her back. “You’ve done
everything you can do, Arbo,” he said.
  Arbo’s eyes suddenly shifted toward
Jo. "I wouldn’t say that, mister,” he
•Uted, running his tongue along his cheek.
"Hot HO.”
"Goda’mighty!” Suggs breathed again.
Jo looked pale, but her eyes shone with
contempt. “You killed Cobb and took his
job so you could wreck this drive. I don’t
know why, but—”
  “I’ll tell you why,” Arbo blurted, put-
ting away all his pretense. “I got that
herd right in my hand, the whole works,
an’ I cin scare up men to handle it. All I
got to do is whistle. Sure I plugged Cobb
and I had the whole thing set from there
on. I hurrawed them slick-eared sprouts
of yours to death so they’d clear out.
Crovet took it on the run and he’ll keep
runnin’ till he gets clear into Kansas.
That’s all right with me. I don’t give a
hoot if he hangs, or not. You were all so
damned busy hatin’ Yankees you never
catched on what you were gettin’ into. If
you want to blame somethin’ for the pickle
you’re in you cin blame it to that. Now
you know, and you cin be damned sorry
you do. I would’ve let you ride off, but I
can’t do it now.” All at once he got to his
feet, put two fingers in his mouth and
whistled shrilly.
  In a few moments a man rode in. He
said his name was Jakes. He was badly
scarred in the face, probably from fire, and
his lips were pulled awry by scar tissue.
He wanted to know if they had a riding
job. He said he was a top hand and had
worked cows all his life. He mentioned
places he had worked, and Kell Arbo let
him speak his piece in full. Then the
trailboss grinned and said; “You do all
right, Jakes, but you cin quit the funnin’.
The cat’s outa the bag.”
  “You don’t say,” Jakes remarked, a
little disappointed. “Hell!”
  “This is the girl I mentioned,” Arbo
said, pointing to Jo. “That’s the old man.
and this is Suggs, the cookie. The Yank
dug out.”
  Jakes looked them over one by one,
letting his eyes rest at last on Jo admiring-
ly. “What’re you goin’ to do?” he asked
Kell without shifting his glance.
  Arbo shrugged. “It ain’t the way I
wanted it, but we git what we want. The
crew cleared out, and it maleea H aasy
pickin’ anyway.”
  “Yeah, I seen ’em go,” Jakes saM.
  “You go get the boys.”
  “Okey, Kell. They’re off a piece and
it’ll take till mornin*.
56
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
  “Yeah. That’s okay,” Arbo agreed.
  “This girl,” Jakes remarked coolly. “I
understand we split even on everything in
this sheebang. That’s how it is, ain’t it?”
  “We’ll see,” Arbo muttered.
  Muttering like a sick dog. Suggs moved
around, kicking at tufts of grass. Jakes
eyed him with growing curiosity, and
finally asked what he was up to.
  “I'm lookin’ for iny guns,” Suggs
shrilled. “That's what I’m doin’. You
want to know any more?”
  “Yeah,” Jakes answered. “S’pose you
tell me why for you want your gun.”
  “So I cin blow your brains out, that’s
why,” Suggs ranted.
 “Here, take one of mine,” Jakes
offered, and flung it down.
  “Now. now,” Kell Arbo put in, mildly.
  Jakes held out his hand, and Arbo shut
up. Suggs made a lunge for the gun and
got it in his hand. Jakes let him go that
far, then opened up. and riddled poor
Suggs from head to foot. Jo Andre stared
in unbelieving horror. Cnp Andre tried to
push up, but sagged back helplessly again.
  A faint grin touched Jakes’ face. He
puffed smoke off the tip of his gun and
shoved it back in its holster. “Well,” he
said, finally, “I s’pose I better git the
boys.”
  Suggs went to his knees, then on all
fours, and finally flat on his face. “Them
damn’ blue-noses!” he muttered. “Them
damn—"
  When Jo Andre reached him he was
dead.
SUGGS had picked a good horse off the
picket line for Tott. Crovet to ride. It
was a go-er, and sure-footed, and Tott
headed it in the direction he had heard the
shooting just before he left camp, the
direction Jo Andre had said the crew of
young Texans had taken. “If I was any-
where near smart,” be told himself, “I'd
head for Kansas and let 'em drink their
own vinegar. With Suggs on the warpath
all I’ll get out of this is a hangrope the
minute I show my face back in camp. But
I can’t do anything else, not till I’ve spoke
my piece to her.” He smiled ruefully in
the dark. “I guess a man’s bound to
stick his head in a noose of one kind or
another.”
  He started worrying about the gunfire
he had heard; if there had been a fight, it
wasn’t likely he could get the crew to
come back, but if there had been some-
thing else, and Arbo was still on the prowl
he had to watch out he didn’t run into him
and lose whatever chance he might have of
talking to Yorey. He slowed up finally,
and used more caution, but he didn’t see
or hear any riders. And in the end, he
didn’t have as far to go as he expected.
Reckless as usual, the crew had built a rip-
roaring fire in a shallow wash, and he rode
in on them without any attempt at con-
cealment. Yorey saw him first and started
talking before he got off his horse. “Look
who preached me a sermon and then
grabbed a horse and ran,” he taunted.
“Why didn’t you go the other way,
straight for Kansas.”
  “Maybe I don’t want Kansas,” Tott
sadi. “Maybe I like you boys.”
  “No reason for that,” Yorey answered.
Tott looked puzzled. “I thought I’d
find half of you dead. Didn’t you have a
fight with Arbo ? He lit out after you with
Red Umley and the Nolans, and I heard
gunfire.”
  “We heard gunfire, too, but we weren't
in it.”
  “Suggs hogtied me when I got back to
camp and then tried to hang me to th«
wagon-pole all by his lonesome,” Tott ex-
plained. “He did almost as good as you
did the first time.”
  “You're too lucky.”
  “Lucky enough to go back and try
again.”
  “Like fun.”
  “I am.”
  “Hell’s Blind Mice, man! You're really
askin’ for it.”
  “I'm going back because I think it looks
too damned yellow not to, with the
Andre’s in the kind of a fix they’re in.”
Yorey flushed, and turned to the crew.
“Another sermon cornin’ up, boys. He’s
goin’ back to be noble and get liung. And
fin supposed to go back and take a whup-
pin’, eh?”
  “That’s for you to say, Yorey, but I'll
tell you this much, you’ll never live down
what you're up to now. It’ll ride ahead
of you like a yellow flag from now till
doomsday.”
  “Oh, quit your damned preachin’,”
Yorey growled. “You made me sick to my
HANG-TREE TRAIL
57
stomach.” He made a gesture of disgust,
with his hands.
  ''I'm about through,” Tott said. "I just
want to tell you this much—I don’t have a
ramrod up my back and I never bragged
njueh about what a rip-roarin’, hell-
twistin’ country I come from, like you’re
so good at doin’. But I’m going back to a
hanging, and you’re skeedaddling from a
whipping. Add that up, and when you get
an answer, do what you damned please.”
With that he turned and rode off, a pro-
fane mutter following him into the dark.
  He climbed out of the wash at a place he
eouid see the fire, and waited. He heard
the sultry rise and fall of their talk, but he
was too far off to bear what was 6aid, One
of them made a long-winded speech to the
rest, and almost got into a fight. Another
walked round and round the fire, stopping
every once in a while to take a hard kick
at the embers. There were eight of them.
AH of them had fire, and Tott was sur-
prised their auguring didn’t flare up into
a free-for-all fight. Yorey did some more
talking, and when he was through every*
one raised a hand. Then someone stamped
out the fire, and Tott was left to guess
what decision they had come to in all that
palaver.
  A little later he heard the clatter of
hoofs oil stone and 6aw them climb out of
the wash. Grinning he rode toward them
and fell in beside Yorey,
  “So you got an answer,” he remarked,
  “Yeah, damn you,” Yorey growled rue-
fully, “we got an answer. But I must say
I certainly didn’t ever expect to see you
again.”
  “I knew I’d see you,” Tott said, and let
out a soft chuckle.
e“A'™ gatantp Qi**
      Jakes got back to the camp by the
pond before dawn. Red Umley, the Nolan
boys, and four other hardcases were with
him. Jakes had told them the fun was up,
and Red Umley claimed he knew from the
start something would go wrong with all
of Kell Arbo’s scheming. “Hell’s Thun-
derbolts, Kell, you get started on some-
thin’ and a snake couldn’t foller yore
tracks. I don’t hold wjth it.”
  “Saved us a fight, anyway,” Arbo
stated. “We got rid of the crew, didn't
we? They’re all green shorthorns, but
don’t ever get it in your noodle they
wouldn’t put up a fight.”
  “That’s alright,” Umley admitted, “but
you get so almighty fancy, Kell. This last
twist of your got me dizzy, claiming we
had a fight with ’em, and me and the
Nolans got plugged. Hell, that’s just like
somethin’ you read in a book.”
  “When did you ever read a book?”
Arbo muttered. The idea of going after
the crew merely to make a show, shooting
off some gun-powder and sending Umley
and Nolan to throw in with Jakes while he
came back to report them killed In the
fight, was sound. It put an end to any
possibility of keeping on with the drive,
The whole thing had worked out just the
way he planned, except that somewhere
along the line Cap Andre had caught on to
what was happening, and had to shoot off
his mouth about it. If he had kept quiet,
Arbo would have let the old cuss and the
girl go. Still, this way had its advantages.
A homely bugger like me don’t often get
a ehance at a girl like her," he said-
POPULAR DEMAND - DEMANDS POPULAR
Whatever you <|cm«nd tf your reading, there’a an iniwar ta it ia tha awn tfcai
20.000,000 wardi published annually under tklf aeal—
      5 parts a Adventure a Wast
      Lav* a Detective a Mystery
      Science a Fentcsy a Railroading
Watch for Haia Popular Flctian Croup taal on ovary magaiine yea bay. It Is ftar
guide ta good reading alwayi!
58
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
  Jakes’ bunch were tough renegades and
had trailed the A Bar A herd ever since it
crossed the Red River. This wag a deal
Arbo had cooked up with them before the
drive started. He had killed Cobb, know-
ing he would get the job of trailboss in his
stead. The nightly scouting by Red Umley
and the Nolans was a cover so they could
keep in touch with Jakes, and set the time
to strike. Arbo hated to see all this smooth
scheming go to waste, but it wasn’t as
though he had failed. He still had the herd
in his hand, and the only thing left to do
was to get rid of Cap Andre. You do it,
Jakes,” he told the fire-scarred outlaw.
‘I’m squeamish. You know how it is
when you been with a man a while. You
don’t like to shoot him out of hand.”
  “Oh, my Goodness Sakesl” Jakes re-
marked, mockingly, and shook his head.
"Kill your own snakes, Arbo. I’m thinkin’
about the girl, too.”
   "I can’t do it.”
  “Well, put the old buzzard on a horse
and let him ride. He’ll fall apart the first
jump.”
  “Yeah,” Arbo said, thoughtfully. "I
guess you’re right.”
  “Give him a good kinky bueker.”
  “That sounds all right, Jakes.”
  Jakes laughed and Arbo walked toward
Andre. Red Umley, his mind on some-
thing to eat, was puttering around the
chuckwagon. Cap Andre, shaking with
chill, was still in his soogans. Jo sat beside
him, her face tight with strain. The morn-
ing mist, like a shallow sea, began to stir
uneasily, lifting here and there in smoky
tendrils. Wind whispered it away, and
when it had cleared nine riders showed up
along the edge of the pond. Jakes saw
them first, and let out a yell. Arbo swung,
pushed the hair out of his eyes, and made
a rush for his horse, roaring orders. Red
Umley dropped a pan, and climbed his
horse again. The rest were still mounted.
  “Looks like another one of your snakes
back-tracked,” Umley muttered, with a
loose-lipped grin.
  “Get the buzzards,” Arbo snarled. "Cut
’em down an’ kill ’em.”
TOTT CROVET pulled up at the edge
of the pond. Yorey stopped beside him.
Both of them stared at the charging
riders, and Tott counted them off. “Looks
like we ain’t welcome,” Yorey muttered.
  “You run this, Yank. We’re green.”
  A bullet slid past his ear and he ducked.
Then the renegade rustlers set their guns
on fire and snarling blasts of lead shook
the air. Somebody went down with a crash
near the edge of the pond. The horse
spooked into the water and bogged down.
Tott Crovet yelled and made a motion
with his hand spreading them out, and
they took his word.
  Suggs’ gun wasn’t a bad weapon. Tott
notched two riders before he had to re-
load. The boggy ground shook under the
pounding hoofs, and sent ripples across
the open pond. The top crust, strong
enough for a lone rider, began to give
way under the hard pounding, and Tott
saw an animal break through and go
down on its nose. The rider legged it out
of there, but a bullet overtook him and
knocked him flat.
“Don’t go in there or the whole busi-
ness’ll sag out from under,” Tott warned.
  Yorey was hit. His arm hung limp, and
he cussed at his left-handed clumsiness,
but he gave Tott a cool, squint-eyed grin
that was as friendly and substantial as any
Tott had ever seen.
  “Why didn’t you say this was cornin’
up?” he asked.
  “I didn’t know it,” Tott told him.
  "You guess good, anyway,” Yorey,”
Yorey said with another grin, and meant
more than he said.
  Tott read half the meaning in his eyes,
and relief flooded over him like a wave.
This was the place he had been looking
for, the place where roiled waters met and
mingled and settled again to quietude.
Here again, although he had almost given
up hope of ever seeing it, men with the
same steadfast resolution and the same
decencies stood shoulder to shoulder
against a common enemy. Here again
they had found their common heritage.
  Somebody yelped like a trampled dog,
and Tott looked back into a young
blanched face streaming blood. Yorey
cussed again and went that way. Tott
stalked into the tules on the trail of the
man who had fired the shot, but he lost
him in the wild commotion. The hard top
crust was cracked and broken where it had
been trampled, and stood on end, sharp as
shards of glass. Sleazy red mud lay be-
IlANG-TREE TRAIL
59
neatli it. Tott passed a dead renegade,
flies buzzing around his spattered face. A
scattering of cattle spooked past and al-
most ran him down. The main herd was
on the move, but it wasn’t a stampede, and
they wouldn’t go far. Tott heard a rifle-
fire and caught a glimpse of Jo Andre
near the chuckwagon taking long-range
shots at the churning renegades. The tules
thinned ouL, and Tott came to a halt.
  Kell Arbo rode a big appaloosa, the
white spots on its rump trailing down to
its hocks. He had made a try at flanking
the crew 011 one side, and was circling the
sump to sec if he could do any better from
the other. Tott fired a shot as he rode
past, and took otf his hat. The horse
spooked and swerved, struck broken
ground, and went clown. Arbo ran for
cover, and Tott headed that way, flushing
muskrats as he went. A bullet whispered
past him, slashing reeds. He made a fix
on the spot where it came from, and closed
in, but Arbo was on the move. Tott
risked a peek over the top of the reeds,
and saw the quivering trail Arbo was
leaving behind him. Tott fired, and pulled
a hard grunt out of the sweating trailboss.
Nesting red-winged birds made a wild
turmoil above them, and fledglings
gawped from their nests as Tott moved
past. With his feeling for such things he
shifted his course to spare them. A heavy-
winged tlumderpump rose ahead of him,
and Arbo fired at the thing before he real-
ized his mistake.
  "That's the wrong man, Arbo,” Tott
called, knowing the sound of his voice
would filter through the reeds and come
from all directions.
  “Damn you,” Arbo flared. “I know
_\ou.”
  “That suits me, Arbo.”
  “So you're the one hauled them buz-
zards back,” Arbo rasped.
  “They came of their own accord, Arbo,
and I rcckon they figure they couldn’t’ve
conic to a better place.”
  Arbo, short <m patience in the first
place, and suddenly convinced he knew
the exact spot where Tott's voice came
from, leaped up and charged in, his gun
flaming. He was close, but he wasn't close
enough. Tott waited it out. and then came
up. His gun blazed pointblank, and Arbo
lurched, grabbing at the reeds, grabbing
at thin air, his legs wilting everjr «t*p he
took until he finally sagged to his knees,
his mouth thrown wide open to suck in
air, his eyes glazing. The last thing he did
was to swipe that bothersome twist of hair
out of his eyes, as if that would help him
to see. Then he crashed forward in a
dead heap.
  Tott Crovet stood up in the sudden
silence and looked around.
  “I reckon that takes care of the whole
sheebang,” Yorey yelled. “We can’t find
nobody else to shoot at.”
  Tott waved, and headed for camp.
THE next day, after a late start, Tott
Crovet, Bub Yorey, and Jo Andre,
stopped under the cottonwood tree that
Suggs and Yorey had crowed about.
  “Good enough to hang anybody on,”
Yorey remarked, craning his neck at the
thick branches.
  “Get at it then,” Tott invited, wryly.
  Yorey pursed his lips. “I don’t know
how to make a hang-noose,” he muttered
regretfully. “Maybe Jo’s got the hang of
  Jo Andre shook her head and smiled, a
soft gentle smile for both of them.
  “Don’t tell me we got to let it go past
again,” Yorey grumbled.
  Tott grinned indulgently and let the
taunting words pass because be knew what
they were. He knew Bub Yorey. What
the young Texan had showed him of him-
self during the fight at the pond would
seldom come to the surface again, but it
was there, and mocking words could never
change it. In a pinch they stood together;
all of them stood together. A boy lay dead
in his grave by the pond to make it so. The
others, battered and maimed, but tickled
with themselves none the less, and tickled
with their Yankee trailboss, would speak
the words Yorey spoke, and try their old
tricks, but they showed how they felt by
going after the herd as if it were their
own. Even Cap Andre took heart at the
sight and rode a gentle horse again, hoard-
ing his strength so it would be enough to
see him through.
This place under the tree was some-
thing special for them, and all three felt it.
A place where bruised pride could heal,
and the wild flames of hate die out. Tott
(Please continue on page 97)
CRAB
By
ROBERT L
TRIMNELL
WEAPONS-
OR WEEP!
Johnny Tlghm had figured wrong:
his hard-earned money branded
him a killer—and only his gun
could clear himI
Then be was w bailing his
hone, cutting into an
alley. . . .
JOHNNY TIGHE slammed off the
dun horse in front of the striped
barber pole. He hopped up the
lioardwalk. Close-Cut Pete was inside,
cutting hair. A customer waited in a cor-
ner. “Hi, Close-Cut,” Johnny said. “It’s
easy Johnny Tighe, back after two years.”
There was a yell of pain as the barber
slipped and jammed his scissors into the
customer’s scalp. “Easy Johnny!” he
blurted out. He stood there for a mo-
ment, staring open-mouthed at the tall
60
man before him. Slowly he laid down the
scissors, snatched at the marble-topped
work table, came away opening a huge
razor. The two customers stared, scram-
bled to back against the wall.
  “Close-Cut! What's eatin’ you?”
  The barber advanced slowly. “Lafe
Durham was my friend for twenty years.”
He held the razor out before him, the
glint of steel no harder than the light in
his eyes. “I’m goin’ to carve you down,
killer. Easy Johnny was always too good
GRAB WEAPONS—OR WEEP!
61
a name for you. You were just plain
worthless. Then back-gunnin’ a man who
treated you like his own son!”
  Johnny backed to the door, a hurt look
in his gray eyes. “Close-Cut, T just come
in to get a shave and a haircut so 1 could
look good when 1 get out to see Lafe
and—’ He paused for a moment, added
in a calmer voice, “And Jeanne, too.”
The barber inched forward, his hand
clenched until the knuckles were white on
the handle of the razor. “I don’t know
where you get the nerve to come back,
you sneakin’ killer!”
  Johnny found himself backing to the
boardwalk. The turn of events was enough
to make any man retreat. When a man
comes home after two years, after two
years of proving to the wrorld that he is a
man—
  "Jist stand steady. And Close-Cut,
pack that razor.”
  Johnny felt it prodding into his back.
Only the muzzle of a six-gun could be
round and hard like that. And from the
quiet voice, he knew it was Sheriff Ben
Jenks. Slowly he turned. The oldster’s
bristly white mustache was the same as
ever. But not his eyes. He had never
seen such burning hate in any man’s eyes.
And it was Ben Jenks who taught him a
fast six-gun draw when he was just a kid.
  “I—I don’t get this, Sheriff. I don’t
understand.”
  “You'll understand,” the sheriff rasped
out. “You’ll understand that you can’t
gun the man who raised you like his own
son. Then cornin’ back after two years of
hidin’ out and actin’ like you cxpect the
fatted calf to be killed!”
  Slowly it sank into Johnny’s mind that
Lafe Durham wras dead. And that some-
how, they thought he had done it. Auto-
matically his hand reached in the left shirt
pocket and dragged out a bag of makings.
He rolled the cigaret without thinking, be-
cause he was too numbed to think.
“Jeanne,” he said, “she’s still-—”
“Still runnin’ her daddy’s ranch,” the
sheriff said. “Runnin’ it like a man. Like
a man you never was. Now I’m goin’ to
take that there Hogleg of yours.”
  Johnny knew then that he had to see
Jeanne. She would tell him. She wouldn’t
think first with a razor or six-gun. He
had to have someone tell him.
  “Sheriff, give me two hours. Two hours
and I'll come back.”
  Ben Jenks snorted. “That’s what you'll
get. Two hours in jail before we hang
you.”
  Johnny lit the cigaret, staring over the
flame into the oldster’s face. What Jenks
had said seemed very likely. He would
hang first, and then they’d ask questions.
He saw the sheriff's hand reaching for his
gun. Coming close to where his own hand
was. It had to be now. He stared out
over the sheriff’s shoulder, let his mouth
drop in apparent surprise. For a second
Jenks glanced away. In that second
Johnny clamped a range-hardened hand
on the oldster's wrist. With all his
strength he twisted.
  “Aw—” gasped the oldster. He swung
around, the gun wide of its target. He
thumbed hammer, and lead crashed into
the doorjamb. Johnny brought a boot up,
fast. It slammed the gun nigh into the
air, and then the youngster was outside
the door, back against the wall, six-gun
leveled at the barber and sheriff. He felt
back for the hitchrope, untied it. Sudden-
ly he was vaulting into saddle. He saw
Ben Jenks scoop up his six-gun. Then he
was wheeling his horse, cutting into the
alley. A minute later he pounded across
Hangdog Creek and up through the Little
Woods.
THE woods had looked like paradise
when he rode down from the bluff
that afternoon. All going red and gold
with autumn frosts. He remembered the
time-he and Jeanne had been riding into
town, and all of a sudden he’d been over-
come with the way the sunlight filtered
through her hair and made it seem alive
and golden. He’d hooked an arm out and
pulled her to him. The horses seemed to
understand, and they closed up. He kissed
her then, and for a second she answered
the kiss. Then she was racing her pony
through the Little Woods, and lie pounded
after her, laughing and shouting, not
catching her until they reached town.
That’s the kind of harum-scarum Easy
Johnny Tighe was in those days.
  He slapped the dun on the rump, and
they cut up over Bull Bluff, through into
the grasslands that fringed the Axe Head.
The Axe Head was the ridge that ran
62
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
through and up to the grasslands to the
north. He was breathless when he got to
the top. All that had happened to him in
Rocksalt was forgotten for the moment.
For Big Eight lay beyond Axe Head.
  The grasslands made a two-mile sweep
down to the ranchhouse. Glossy green,
tinged with brown from the frosts, they
rolled gently to the right clear to the
northern arm of the Axe Head. To the
south they were lost in the distance. And
in the lowest part, where the little Jalco
River wound, was the windbreak of cot-
tonwoods, sprawling across the stream.
There were barns and log corrals, and the
painted whiteness of the ranchhouse.
Johnny felt something tug inside of him
when he looked down there. He realized
that he hadn’t come back just to show
Lafe Durham that he was a man. He’d
come back to the Big Eight.
  He thought of the time when he left.
Ever since his father died, Lafe had raised
him like his own son. Right along with
Lafe’s daughter Jeanne. They first
climbed on a horse together, he and
Jeanne. They learned to rope and cut out
calves, to spot market-size steers and tell
weights at a glance. Lafe promised that
someday his daughter and adopted son
would get equal shares in Big Eight. It
was plain too, that he hoped they wouldn’t
split it. He wanted them to marry when
they came of age. He had made that
plain.
  It was when Johnny took to gambling
that Lafe really got mad. He had been
content to put up with Johnny's crazy kid
tricks. Johnny remembered the night Lafe
had come into the Rocksalt Saloon, and
found him owing Ace Pracket three hun-
dred -dollars, besides having lost his gold
watch and horn-handled six-gun. Before
everybody, Lafe blew off. “Tuh think I
raised a younker fer this!” he yelled. He
yelled some more, too, and Johnny yelled
back. He remembered shouting, “I’ll even
up for this!” Then he was gone into the
night. He hit the saddle and rode, rode
straight south. At first he just tried to
remember what caused the argument, and
what happened during it. Words like
“worthless pup.” He vowed then to erase
the mark. He’d go out and make his own
way. Then he’d come back and show the
oldster. He’d show him ten one-hundred
dollar bills. Show Lafe that he needed no
help from anyone.
  And he had come back to this.
  Johnny headed the pony down the
slope. A movement caught his eye. Two
riders, up along the Axe Head. He turned
the pony back into some horse-high brush
to watch. They were trotting slowly. Sud-
denly he recognized the left-hand rider.
Golden hair flying in the wind, sitting the
horse as though she were part of it.
Jeanne! Johnny wheeled his pony, headed
straight for them. He saw Jeanne’s blue
eyes then, large and lustrous, and staring
at him as though he were a ghost. With a
shock he recognized the other rider. Mel
Koles. A cowhand of Lafe’s, when he
left. A big man, though not as tall as
Johnny, with black hair and a black
mustache. A handsome man, except for
the thin lips. They were just the outward
things that Johnny didn’t like about Mel
Kole. Others were the way he kow-towed
to Lafe, and the soft, oily words he always
had for Jeanne.
  He spun his pony to a stop before
them. “Johnny!” the girl cried. ‘Johnny,
you’ve come back!”
  He tried to grin at her. There was too
much emotion pent up in him. "I’ve come
back,” he said. And he rasped out, “And
found my name smeared with mud.”
  “He has a lot of nerve,” Mel Koles
said. “A killer coming back to the scene
of the crime.”
  Johnny lowered his head a little. "You
go run and tell the sheriff I’m here, Kole.”
Kole glowered at him, lips a hard, thin
line.
  Johnny shot a glance at Jeanne. He
saw a tear in her eye. “You don’t be-
lieve I did it, do you, Jeanne?”
  She sobbed. Slowly she brought her
chin up and looked him straight in the eye.
“Maybe you were a crazy youngster, and
even worthless, like Dad said. But I could
never believe you killed him.” She sobbed
again. “The evidence though, running
away the night he was killed, and after
everybody heard the argument, and you
saying you'd get even—”
  Johnny knew then how much he loved
her. His eyes were glued on her wet ones.
Suddenly he caught a glimpse of Mel
Kole, a big hand streaking for gunbutt.
Johnny whirled but made no move for his
GRAB WEAPONS—OR WEEP!
63
own gun. He stared into the man’s face.
"Leave it, Kole.” His eyes blazed with
anger. He rasped out flatly, “You aren’t
mail enough to gun me.”
  Kole’s hand stopped on gunbutt. He
measured his chances, glancing at John-
ny’s gun, at his rawboned hand resting
easily on the saddle horn. He blinked, and
his breath wheezed out.
  “Kole, get out of here unless you’re
ready to draw. But I say you’re too yel-
low for that.” His face wore an expression
of contempt.
  Kole's eyes flicked up and down him.
You'll hang by tonight, boy,” he growled.
He cut his horse viciously to the left, rak-
ing spurs into its flanks. Johnny watched
him, looking back over his shoulder as
though he expected a slug to come whin-
ing at him. And Johnny remembered that
Mel Kole had one of the fastest draws he
had ever seen. And yet, he had been afraid
to use it. Plainly, Johnny Tighe’s return
had shaken him badly.
  "Why is he still here, Jeanne?”
  "He’s my foreman.” Her chin was up,
and her eyes showed the stubbornness Old
Lafe used to have. “You own half the
ranch, by dad’s will. But I’m running it
at present, and I’ll hire whoever I please.”
He stared at her, moved his horse clos-
er. “Do you believe I killed your dad?”
Her eyes dropped. "Since Dad’s death
I’ve been so alone, Johnny. With every-
one saying you were always no good, I—
I—” Her voice trailed off. “Where’ve
you been, Johnny?”
  “California, Mexico. I’ve spent two
years proving I’m not what Lafe thought
I was.” He pulled a money belt out from
under his shirt, drew out ten one-hundred
dollar bills. “These were to show Lafe.”
His voice went bitter. “I suppose that
showing them now will look like they’re
stolen. Easy Johnny Tighe. Drygulcher.”
She sat still looking at him, and the tear
was still in her eye.
  “So all of a sudden,” he rasped, “I’ve
got to prove I didn’t kill Lafe. When did
it happen, Jeanne?”
  "The night you left.”
  "Two years after the killing I've got to
prove I didn’t do it 1 And with a hangrope
ridin’ my backtrail.” He moved his horse
over close to her, and his voice softened.
"II you said you believed in me,
Jeanne—” He looked straight into her
eyes.
  She dodged his glance. Then she
started. Hoofs were rattapanning up the
Axe Head. “The sheriff, Johnny! Three
or four men. They must have met Mel
Kole!”
  Johnny didn’t look toward them. “I
won’t go until you tell me, Jeanne.”
  Her eyes went wide with terror.
“They’re coming! Two hundred yards.
You've got to go!”
  “Do you believe in me?” He sat his
horse quietly, back turned to the galloping
horsemen.
  Her eyes darted around. “Yes! Yes,
I believe in you.-Now go!”
  Johnny grinned. He swung an arm
around her, pulled her to him. He kissed
her hard. As he drew his face away he
said, “I’ll be back, Jeanne.” Then sud-
denly he was spurring along the Axe
Head, waving back to her. Mel Kole sent
two shots burning after him, but Easy
Johnny had cut out into the brush. He
knew the posse had ridden hard. His
horse was rested and the climb up the
Axe Head should put them behind. He
glanced back, saw Sheriff Ben Jenks,
Kole, and two others. Kole seemed to be
holding his horse back. Johnny grinned.
Kole’s horse was the freshest, but he was
afraid to lead the others by too much. He
reached a heavy growth of jack-pines,
slashed the pony through them. Then he
stopped to breathe the horse. Let them
tire their mounts, he thought. When they
had worked over his trail a while, he could
cut them out and lead them off again. He
sat there quietly, rolled a quirly. He told
himself they'd have a job catching Easy
Johnny Tighe.
THEY came close later that afternoon.
He gave them a run, his jack-pines
again and lost them. When dark came
they had to give up. Johnny sat on a cleft
of rock up on the rim of the Axe Head,
smoking. Below he could see a glimmer
of light at the ranchhouse. Inside, he was
aching to see Jeanne. For one thing,
while she said she believed in him, it had
been hurried. Anything to make him
leave. But that meant she didn’t want him
killed. One small comfort, anyway.
  He knew that no amount of earnest
talking would r«ally convince her. Talking
64
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
about it wouldn’t convince anybody. He
had to find who murdered Lafe. And the
trail was two years old.
  But there he was bogged down. He
knew that Lafe was killed the same night
he left. But no more than that. Maybe
the oldster had been carrying a sizeable
cash wad. Maybe someone had slipped out
of Lafe’s past and done a job of vengence.
At any rate, the murder was timed well
to put the blame on Easy Johnny Tighe.
  He had to find out. And Jeanne was
the only person he could trust. He
dragged deep on his cigaret, crushed it out
on his bootheel. He hopped on his horse,
and in a minute the pony was "plodding
down through the deep valley grass.
  When he came close he spotted a light
in the kitchen. Figuring on a possible
trap, he ran his horse into the far corral,
then slipped quietly around to the kitchen
window. Inside, he saw Jeanne, standing
against the far wall, her arms folded. Her
brow was puckered, and she was talking
fast to the four men seated at the kitchen
table. Jenks, Kole, and two men Johnny
didn’t know. The window was closed, and
all he could get was the murmur of voices.
At length the four men got up and left the
ldtchen. Johnnv slunk back in the bushes
alongside the nouse. He watched them
climb into the saddle and head off toward
town.
   When they were out of sight, he tapped
on the kitchen window. He saw Jeanne
stiffen. Then she recovered and pointed
toward the front door. Johnny hurried
around and into the house. He met her
in the dark hallway.
  “Think they might come back?” he
said.
  She shook her head. “Not now. We’d
be*t -stay in the dark, though. They’ve
gone to town to round up a big posse.
Going to comb the range tor you.”
  Johnny shoved back the emotion that
made him want to put his arms around
her. With difficulty he managed to re-
member that he was in immediate danger.
He said, “Jeanne, where was Mel Kole
the night Lafe was killed?”
  She frowned. “Why, he was with Dad.
He saw—” She stopped, suddenly broke
into hurried words. “He says he saw you
pull your horn-handled gun and shoot
Dad- He fised at you, but you were gone.”
  It hit Johnny hard. His fists knotted.
“He saw it!” he almost shouted. “That
means he did it, Jeanne!” He paced hur-
riedly up and down the hall.
  She turned to him, grabbed his shirt.
“But Johnny, he’s been such a good fore-
man, so nice to me, even though we
aren’t making much money.”
  He stopped. “Not making money?
Listen, I’ve been away in California and
Mexico, but I know what cattle prices
have been.”
  “Yes, prices have been good. But the
calf-drop seemed to be low, and—”
  “And Kole has been rustling your
cattle. He killed Lafe when he saw I could
be blamed for it. That was so he would
have a free hand with the place. I’ll bet he
has a wad of cash tucked away.” He paced
the floor again, muttering to himself. He
was certain that Kole had done it, and he
knew why. But that only confirmed his
suspicions. He was a hunted man. His
only evidence was that Kole had claimed
he saw Easy Johnny Tighe kill the ranch-
er. And because he hadn’t done it, he
knew that Kole was the killer. But who
would listen to him ?
  “The sheriff,” Jeanne said. “Ben Jenks
is a fair man. If I talked to him—”
  Johnny shook his head. “There’s only
one way. Got to prove that Kole did it.”
He hiked up his gunbelt. “I’m goin’ to
town, Jeanne. I’ve got a hunch that Kole
has overplayed his hand.” He hurried to-
ward the door. Jeanne grabbed his arm.
“Johnny, if they catch you—”
  He grinned at her, threw an arm
around her shoulders. “Don’t worry.” He
kissed her quickly, then ran to the door.
She stood staring after him. The way he
did that—she couldn’t explain it, but there
was something about the old Easy Johnny
Tighe that would never change.
  He got a fresh pony from the corral and
headed for town. He rode hard, and knots
of muscles worked up in his shoulders. He
resolved one thing, that if he couldn’t
bring Mel Kole to justice, Kole would still
Ey for killing Lafe Durham. But ahead
j a town full of hostile people, men who
would shoot him on sight.
   He left his horse as he swung up in back
of Rocksalt’s low frame buildings. He
walked silently out to the mouth of an
alley, glanced both ways down the street
GRAB WEAPONS—OR WEEP!
65
There was a bunch of horses tied in front
of the sheriff's office. Others at the Rock-
salt Saloon hitch-rail. He thought of the
last time he was at the saloon, when Ace
Pracket had cleaned him of every cent,
taken his watch and gun as well. He
glanced over at Close-Cut Pete’s barber
shop. His eyes lit up. The gray Kole had
been riding that afternoon was tied in
front. He hurried over to the barbershop’s
side window to make sure.
  Somebody was getting into ilic barber’s
chair, hut Clo.se-Cut was standing in the
way. The barber moved, and Johnny saw
Mcl Role's black hair as he laid back in
the chair. Close-Cut was putting towels on
his face.
THAT was enough. Johnny slipped
around to the front door, stepped in-
side. The barber didn’t look up from the
wash stand. It gave Johnny a chance to
glance around. The shop was empty.
Kole’s face was covered with towels.
Johnny drew his gun. He gulped a couple
of times. It was a thin, long hand he was
playing, lie raised his voice to a high
pitch.
   “Kin yuh cut a old feller’s beard, Close-
Cut?”
  The barber turned, his mouth dropping
open. For once his slicked-down hair
seemed rumpled. Or maybe it was the
wav his face was working. Kole, hidden
under the steaming cloths, didn’t seem to
notice anything.
  “I’ll just set my old bones down over
here, Close-Cut. You just scrape that
there feller’s beard.”
  The barber wrung out some hot cloths.
He eyed the open gun barrel that stared at
him. Johnny counted on his being shocked
into silence for a few minutes before he
started grabbing razors. But at any time
the barber might start yelling for the
sheriff. Or Johnny’s voice might crack
back down to normal, and Kole would
start throwing off hot towels and reach
for his gun.
  “See yuh got Mel Kole under them
towels, Close-Cut. Mel, reckon you’ll be a
big help in swingin’ that there Tighe
killer. After all, you seed him kill old
Lafe. You was ridin’ back to the ranch
with Lafe that night, wasn’t yuh, Mel?”
For a moment Johnny thought his voice
had cracked down to normal. Kole didn’t
seem to notice it.
  “He'll swing.” Kole’s voice was muffled
under the cloths. “I saw him. I turned
around just as he was pullin’ that horn-
handled Colt of his. I saw him shoot old
Lafe in the back. He got away from
me that time, but not the next time.”
  The door creaked open. Johnny’s eyes
switched. Sheriff Ben Jenks was standing
in the doorway, his silver star glittering in
the lamplight. For a moment he didn’t
notice Johnny. “Posse’s ready, Mel.
Whenever yuh get prettied up like—” His
voice broke off when he saw the man he
was after, sitting in a chair and leveling a
six-gun at him.
  Johnny lost his voice for a moment.
Then he gripped gunbutt savagely. He
knew there were only seconds to make his
play. “Sheriff,” he said in the high-
pitched oldster’s voice he had been using,
“you never got all the facts straight on
that killin’ before. Mel just told Close-
Cut and me that Johnny pulled that horn-
<Please continue on page 98)
   SEEK POPULAR
       BUY POPULAR!
                  All of your fictional tastes will be satisfied with
                  POPULAR’S glittering array of Western, Detective,
                  Mystery, Lovo, Sports, Adventure, Fantasy Magazines
TAKE A TIP • - -
                TAKE THE POPULAR TRAIL!
ARTISTS OF THE
♦ DIAMOND HITCH ♦
By J. W.
THE expert of the Diamond Hitch
and the mule pack train had an es-
sentially important part to play in
the transportation of supplies, machinery
and every conceivable thing necessary to
make available the resources of the vast
mountainous regions of the West to man.
Where wagons couldn’t go the diamond-
hitch artist and the pack mule took over.
  In the mountain sections of Northern
California and Southern Oregon, alone,
there were thousands of pack mules in use
during the sixties, seventies and early
eighties, carrying their burdens to the
isolated homesteaders, ranches and min-
ing camps. Throughout a vast region
there were no wagon road*, no bridges
across the rivers; just narrow, often dan-
gerous trails, zigzagging back and forth
across mountains, stringing along steep
cliffs, or crossing and recrossing some
stream, following always the line of least
resistance.
  Far-seeing merchants placed stores at
convenient locations, and equipped pack
trains of from thirty to 60 or more mules
—to pack everything from food, dynamite
and kegs of whiskey to quartz mill ma-
chinery, saw mill parts and hydraulic
monitors. A first class outfit was supposed
to average 300 pounds to the animal.
These mules were carefully picked—usu-
ally of the block}' type and weighing
around 900 to 1100 pounds. They had to
be good walkers.
  A packer just had to be GOOD or he
was no good at all. He had to be quick,
active, strong, and use good judgment.
Everything about handling freight was
systematized. Packages of ordinary freight
would be lashed together in side packs of
around 150 pounds each, and the “cargo”
conveniently arranged for rapid work in
loading. Three good men and a “bell boy”
could handle a train of around 30 to 40
animals.
66
IRVING
  The work of packing begun, the train
would have to be loaded and moving
within an hour. You couldn't keep an ani-
mal standing around for two or three
hours with a 300 pound pack on his back.
Packers had to be expert saddlers. A dirty
blanket or an overlooked crease could
cause a saddle sore. Each saddle tree waj
adjusted to fit the individual animal. A
pack had to balance perfectly, else it might
turn and pile the pack and animal down
in some canyon.
  Ever}' good outfit had reserved a few
of the most intelligent and strongest ani-
mals for "top packs.” These top packs
were single pieces of machinery, stoves,
trunks, or what-not too heavy for side
packs. Often a section of a stamp mill
mortar, or an hydraulic monitor would
weigh 350 pounds or better.
  In the handling of such pieces pack
train owners often demanded full insur-
ance on the value of the animal before they
would touch them. To handle these top
packs, a piece of wood would be lashed
on each side of the saddle and even with
the top of the tree forks. This made a
base for the pack to rest on. An abso-
lutely expert job had to be done on a
heavy top pack. Perfect balance was im-
perative and the job had to be done fast.
Gold mines had a habit of locating them-
selves in the most inaccessible regions;
and in such impossible places most of such
packs had to go.
  A good pack outfit was well trained.
Undesirable animals were soon weeded
out. Mules for some unexplainable reason
will follow a gray mare to hell and back.
The custom was to put a bell on the mare
and ride her in the lead. The mules soon
got used to the sound of the bell and would
follow as long as they could hear it. At
night when the animals were turned loose
to gaze they seldom strayed beyond the
sound of the bell. In the morning the
ARTISTS OF THE DIAMOND HITCH
67
trick was to catch the mare, and the mules
would follow he'r to camp.
  Saddles in camp were placed in a semi-
circle. And while the “bell boy” was
cooking breakfast the gray mare would
be led to the “near” end of the semi-
circle on the outside. Each mule would
crowd in along-side, heads over the sad-
dles. The packer from the inside of the
semi-circle would place slip halters on the
mules’ heads. They would then be tied to-
gether for saddling. With breakfast over
the packing starts. Two men on the
“near” side deftly swing up the 150
pound side pack to rest on tree forks of
the saddle. The man on the “off” side
swings a loop around it; pulls it over on
his own side and steadies it. The end of
the sling rope is thrown over and tied
from the near side. “Walk him,” says
the boss. The mule is led a few steps to
see that the pack is balanced.
  Now comes the art of throwing the
famous Diamond Hitch. The lash rope
seems almost a living thing—no lost mo-
tion. Every move counts. With the real
diamond-hitch artist the rope fairly sings!
A few incredibly quick movements and
the thing is done in less than a minute—
the pack securely lashed to all four comers
of the pack saddle and under the animal’s
belly. When finished, a diamond shaped
design shows in the rope on top of the
pack—hence the “diamond hitch.” In less
than an hour the packing is done; the bell
boy has packed his “kitchen” and is on
the trail riding the mare. The loaded train
is on its way. Around 15 miles was con-
sidered a day under heavy packs.
  A mule is a most intelligent pack animal.
He may be full up to the neck with cus-
sedness. He may kick your eyebrows
off. But he knows how to take care of
himself—and does! You can't get him on
a dangerous bridge or in miry ground.
If he can’t go around or jump a danger-
ous place he just won't go at all. He will
travel a narrow, dizzy trail around some
almost perpendicular cliff or canyon wall.
But he must have clearance for his pack.
Just a few inches clearance is enough in
order that he can keep his pack from
striking an obstruction and hurtling him
and his pack to destruction. A good boss
packer always looked out for this and
never put his loaded train on a trail unless
he was sure of sufficient clearance for his
packs.
  Pack trains in the days of the early
West were used to pack flume and build-
ing lumber; also mining timbers. Pack-
ing boards 12 to 16 feet in length was no
“great shakes” at all. For packing lum-
ber, racks were suspended on either side
of the saddle from the tree forks.
  Wooden pins were adjusted to rest the
lumber on. With one-inch lumber, the
front ends were tied together. A loop
was slung over the rear ends and drawn
tight. Then again would come the inevi-
table diamond hitch. The load would re-
semble an inverted row boat over the
“deck” of the mule. The intelligence of the
mules in carrying lumber through rough
and broken country was nothing short of
amazing.
  With perhaps only a width of 12 to 18
inches for his hoofs, and in steep country,
he had no way to recover from a jar. He
would be just a “gone duck.” But here is
where the mule really used his intelli-
gence to save himself. If, in a tight place,
where there would be danger of the lum-
ber striking an obstruction close to the
trail, he would keep his eyes “peeled.”
With greatest of care he would swing the
end clear and ease himself around the
dangerous spot, keeping as close as safety
would permit to the outer edge of the trail,
and in no case would he get careless in
a situation dangerous to himself.
  He might for some reason of pure, un-
adulterated cussedness try to rub off his
pack by going between two trees; but it
had to be on level ground and involve
no danger to his personal safety ! To climb
a steep grade with a heavy top pack re-
quired some careful work too. He must
walk steady, head well down, lest the
pack pull him over backwards. A horse
might throw up his head to look at the
scenery, but never a mule. He is all for
safety first.
  The large mule pack trains, with their
highly skilled Diamond Hitch artists, be-
long to a past and heroic era. But they, as
the wagon trains, had their important
part in blazing the way for the up to date
methods of transit that the West now
enjoys.
SANTA CLAUS OF
BITTER CREEK
By A. C.
ABBOTT
CHRISTMAS EVE on the Bitter
Creek range found a grim-lipped
stranger loping steadily through
the deepening snow toward Hill City—and
escape. He was a tall man, under thirty,
with dark hungry eyes burning out of a
lean brown face.
  Rounding a sharp corner in the trail,
the rangy black mare almost knocked
down a small figure plodding determined-
ly through the drifts.
  “Hi there, Bud!” called the rider, his
Chrhtmas Eve Is no time to be out
banting strays—unless you’re a stray
yourself. . . .
08
SANTA CLAUS OF BITTER CRBEK
69
hand flashing out of his pocket to quiet the
startled mare.
  “Hi there, yourself!” chirped back a
sassy little voice; and the kid, endeavoring
to get out of the trail, sat down suddenly
in a huge drift.
  “Kinda cold settin’, ain't it?” inquired
the cowpuncher innocently as he leaned
out of the saddle to lift the five-year-old
up behind him. The cowpuncher’s horse,
Molly, objected to the strange feeling of a
person behind the saddle and started down
the trail sideways, snorting her protest.
  “Looky here now,” drawled the rider
reprovingly. “Ain’t you got no social in-
stincts?”
  Finally persuading her that everything
was all right, he turned in the saddle to
view his new found traveling companion.
A chubby, cold-reddened face and bright
blue eyes shone at him from a bundle of
dark heavy clothing, and the cowpuncher
grinned.
  “Where you headin’, Bud?” he asked.
  “I’m goin’ to town to get my Mom a
Christmas present,” came the prompt an-
swer.
  “Well, I’ll be darned,” muttered the
rider. A dream he had buried six years
ago rose out of the depths to turn his
voice husky.
  “Christmas Eve’s kinda late for shop-
pin\ ain't it?”
  “Yep, but I just got the money for help-
in’ old man Benson find his spotted calf.
Sure was a job in all this snow, but he
gave me a dime. And 1 gotta get Mom
somethin’ good.”
  “You bet,” the puncher murmured soft-
ly. “Somethin’ grand for a fella’s Mom.”
He squinted suddenly as he realized that
his own son would have been not much
bigger than this.
  “You headin’ for town, mister?” the
boy asked.
  “You bet.”
  “Whatcha gonna do?”
  “Get plastered,” came the instant re-
sponse.
  “Get what?” the kid asked blankly.
  “ Pie-eyed. Stinkaroo! ”
  The kid only looked more puzzled at
each word. The rider fumbled around for
another term, found none, and shrugged
helplessly.
  “What’s all them?” the kid asked with
grave intere»t. Hi* eye* were curious.
  “Never mind,” drawled the cowpunch-
er. “You’ll prob’ly read about it in the
paper next week.”
  But the kid couldn’t “never mind”.
“Plastered,” he said again. “Like as if
you was gonna get kalsomined ?”
  The puncher’s laugh rolled out into the
snowflakes. “I’ll prob’ly get kalsomined,
too,” he said.
  “What for?”
  The puncher abruptly faced ahead and
looked studiously at Molly’s short ears.
“That’s a long story, Bud,” he said curtly.
   “Tell me,” insisted the kid.
  The man swore under his breath. How
could he tell a button like this about six
years of running from Christmas, of being
afraid to greet the Yuletide without a bot-
tle in his hand and a blurred hilarity in
his eye? He hated Christmas. He hated
himself for running from it, but he couldn't
help it. He could still see that little cabin,
snug and comfortable, with cretonne cur-
tains at the windows and a baby bed that
was never used. His wife had gone that
night—Christmas Eve. . . .
  He had buried her and then had pulled,
out, leaving the ranch in the care of a re-
liable foreman. He had been wandering
aimlessly ever since.
  Now from under a wide-brimmed,
snow-filled hat he looked at the large aoftly
falling snowflakes, at the pines patiently
holding out arms already heavily laden.
He swore again and his voice was strained.
“Ain’t this snow purty?”
  “Yeah, it’s purty,” said the kid impa-
tiently. “But why you gonna get all them
things? You gonna give ’em to some-
body?”
  “I—ain’t got nobody to give ’em to,
Bud.”
  The man rode with easy relaxation, the
turned-up collar of his heavy mackinaw
allowing only a glimpse of his bright scarf
to peep through. His chin was clean shav-
en and his hands were shoved deep into his
pockets, leaving the reins draped loosely
over the saddle horn. He looked the pic-
ture of carefree deviltry, but there was in
his voice a loneliness that stopped even
the kid’s questioning.
   “Yeah,” the little fellow said slowly, "it
sure is purty.”
  “You know,” mused the puncher, “I
70
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
haven't done any Christmas shoppin’ for
a long time. What do you say—”
  He hesitated. Maybe this independent
young man didn’t want any help. He
would have friends in town, maybe rela-
tives ; and a drifting, whiskey-drinking
cowpuncher had better keep on drifting.
So tne man kept his pockets and his mind
on a drink, while Molly loped on toward
town.
TTILL CITY, with all its excited occu-
pants, its two stores, and its three
saloons, was soon reached. The rider in-
quired the way to the livery stable and
then offered to let his new friend off at the
store.
  The little fellow hesitated, his chubby
fists tight in the back of the man’s coat.
Finally he suggested, “I’ll help you put
your horse up if you’ll help me get Mom’s
present. I don’t know just what a feller
ought to get his Mom.”
  The man’s heart leaped, but he kept his
voice casual. “That’s a fair enough bar-
gain, pardner. What say we get Molly,
here, a box of sugar lumps for her Christ-
mas present? She’s an awful old beggar,
but I promised to get her somethin’.”
"Sure,” said the youngster eagerly.
“I’ll hold her while you get it.”
  The puncher knew very well that the
mare would stand until she starved to
death waiting for him, but he didn't let the
kid know this. He strode heavily into the
bustling store; and while he was making
his purchase, he covertly watched the boy.
He was such a little squirt, his heavy
clothes looming black in the softness of
the snow. He gripped the reins in a tight
fist, looking up at the towering horse with
wide-eyed confidence; and he had asked
the man for help!
  Suddenly the rider grinned broadly.
His booted foot began to tap against the
rough board floor, and a Christmas spirit
he had thought long dead came to life and
ran away with him.
  When Molly had been shown to her
hotel, served in her room, and permitted
to see and sample her Christmas present,
the two pilgrims went out to see what
could be done for Mom-
  Happy confusion was everywhere.
Horses and buckboards lined the street,
and “Merry Christmas” filled the air.
Pink-cheeked women hurried in and out
of the stores while red-nosed cowpunchers
lounged in and out of the saloons. The
rider stared for a moment at a noisy group
going into Mac’s place. He ran a tongue
around his dry lips.
  The enthusiastic boy had been babbling
constantly about different tilings he might
get, asking questions that went un-
answered. Suddenly the cowpuncher
smiled, thinking of the dime. He shoved
the kid into the big general store, drawling
softly, “Looks to me like you got one of
those champagne appetites and a beer
pocketbook.”
  They had time to look over everything
in the store before old Mike Gabby, with
his gray handle-bar mustache and bald
head, came to wait orl them. The boy
pointed to a beautiful hand-made cedar
chest and asked Mike how much it was.
  “That’ll only cost you a nickel!” the
rider spoke up, glaring fiercely at the
startled old man behind the counter.
  Old Mike’s mouth popped wide as he
stared at the young stranger, and then,
slowly, a grin touched the far corners of
his eyes. He fumbled for his suspenders,
hooked his thumbs comfortably, and began
rocking back and forth on age-bowed
legs.
  “Yep, that’s right,” he boomed heartily.
“Just a nickel. Things shore have come
down in price lately.”
  "That leaves you a nickel, Bud,”
drawled the serious cowpuncher. "What
else’ll you have?”
  “Well, lessee,” the kid murmured,
puckering his brows in thoughtful satis-
faction. “Mom and me cut a tree yester-
day, but we haven’t got nothin’ to put on
it. Maybe I could get some of those little
dodaddies. You know,” he added confi-
dentally, “women like to have things
purty.”
  “What about your Dad, Bud?” the
rider questioned helpfully. "Are you
gonna get him somethin’?”
  "You oughta have some candy and
nuts and stuff,” spoke up Mike hastily,
giving the nonplussed cowpuncher a hard
shove toward the candy counter. When
the young man recovered his balance,
Mike was beside him, whispering hoarsely,
“Dad’s dead. Got bad hurt in the slide
last year. They used up every cent they
SANTA CLAUS OF BITTER CREEK
5-1
had tryin’ to save him, but he didn’t make
it.” His keen old eyes rested briefly on
the stranger's face.
  “Ahuh!” The rider shifted his weight
to one long leg, deftly tipped his hat
down over his eyes, and let his hand fall
to Mike's stooping shoulder. “I reckon,”
he said gravely, “that we'll have a penny’s
worth of candy, about five or ten pounds
mixed. Be sure to give us some of all
kinds. And we'll have another penny’s
worth of mixed nuts, about the same
amount. And we’ll have a couple dozen
oranges and some bananas, if you got
'em, and a big Ik>x of those fancy
chocolates for Mom, huh. Bud ? And a
gob of pop corn and cranberries to string
for the tree. And we'll take a penny’s
worth of them trinkets and candles, and
that gold and silver braid stuff, and some
of those bells. That about finishes the
dime, Bud. Is there anythin' else you
want ?”
  “Gosh, no!” the little fellow gasped,
with shining eyes. “How we gonna get
all this home?”
  “Jim Bailey's up the street a ways with
his buckboard,” Mike suggested, trying
vainly to keep his exultation from show-
ing. “He’ll take you home.”
  Big, hearty Jim Bailey was more than
glad to take the kid home. His eyes were
brightly astonished when he saw the cedar
chest, and he looked quickly at the cow-
puncher. That individual flushed deeply
and only said, “Give me a hand here.”
“Gosh!” the kid squealed. “I’ll bet
Mom doesn't know you can get all this
much stuff for a dime!”
  “I’ll bet you wouldn’t either if you’d
ever seen a dime before,” said Jim Bailey
quizzically. “And besides that, I’ll bet
your Mother doesn't even know where
you are. We better get a-kitin’.”
  When the kid and his dime's worth of
purchases were started home, the puncher
turned back into the store. Old Mike met
him at the door and began, “Boy, I could
hug—”
  “Shut up, Dad, and come wait on me,”
the rider interrupted mildly. “I ain’t
through with my Christmas shoppin’ yet.”
“I got somethin’ here,” said Mike, run-
ning a guilty eye over his store, “that’s
awful good for your Christmas spirit.”
He pulled a bottle from under the ooun-
ter and shoved it across. The puncher
reached out and again his tongue slid
around his lips. Then he shook his head
and grinned.
  “Thanks, Mike, but I ain’t got time—
yet. I better wait till I get everythin' else
done and then go at it slow and thorough!”
AFTER an hour of careful and much-
debated selection, the rider went out
in the gathering dusk after his horse.
On his return he cut a length of his rope
and took it into the store, leaving Molly
standing indignantly out in front, still
chomping a clump of good hay.
  “Here,” he said. “We can strap it on
with this. You bring the sled, and I’ll take
the pack.”
  Back out with Molly, who was straining
her neck to see'what was going on, old
Mike set the big, shiny “Flyer” sled down
in the snow and turned to help with the
huge bundle. After much planning and
rearranging they got it tied securely on
the sled. Then the puncher, fastening the
end of hi* shortened lariat onto the sled
as a tow rope, took a couple of dallies
J2
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
around the saddle horn and swung up.
  Mike advanced and placed an affec-
tionate hand on the rider's knee.
  “Boy, I don't know what to say to
you,” he stammered. “You’ve got enough
stuff to last a family of ten for a year. All
kinds of clothes, toys galore, a little saddle
for the kid, and every book and fancy
knick-knack I had for his mother. They’re
the finest kind of folks, and they've sure
had tough luck. I wish I could thank you,
but I—”
  “Aw, lay off, Dad,” protested the em-
barrassed puncher. “If I’d known you
were gonna act like this, I’d of gagged
you.”
Mike had to say something, though, so
he mumbled, "That’s a fine lookin’ horse.”
  The puncher settled back with a relieved
erin. “Only female I ever found,” he
drawled, “who don't talk back.”
  Following the directions given him, the
rider jogged reluctantly past the humming
saloon and was soon out of town and 011
his way to the little cabin. Moll}'’ stepped
high and wide, with a cautious eye always
on that top-heavy bundle following her.
  “First time I ever played Santy Claus,”
the rider muttered; then to Molly,
“Reckon you’ll have Lu sprout a pair of
horns and change your name to Blitzen,
and I’ll have to cultivate a crop of
whiskers. We’ll have to get us a job ridin’
line, though, or Santy’s goin’ broke. And
I’m darn near starved.”
  The cabin in the little clearing looked
like a doll’s house under its load of snow,
its windows like tiny lamps in the dark-
ness. It was built neatly on a slope, with
steps and a small landing before the plank
door.
  The cowpuncher breathed more easily
when he decided that the dogs, if there
were any, were in the house. Dismounting
and stepping cautiously up to the landing,
he peeped in to find the boy and his fair-
haired mother hilariously decorating the
little tree in the corner. The fireplace was
glowing lustily. The cedar chest was still
in the center of the floor. On a table with-
in reach of the tree were heaping dishes
of candy, nuts, and fruit; and a dog was
sitting beside the table looking expectantly
from the exuberant couple to the high-
piled dishes.
  The man on the outside suddenly choked
over an obstruction in his throat. This
might have been his own home if— He
cursed savagely as he felt his emotions
getting out of control, and he turned blind-
ly toward Molly with only one idea in
mind—leave his bundle at the door and
ride!
  He lunged for the steps, the second of
which gave under his weight with a
screeching rend. He felt himself falling
and clawed vainly for support. Then he
was upside down in the drift at the
bottom.
  The dog set forth a furious barking.
The kid yelled. The woman screamed.
And poor Molly, stiff-legged and terrified,
practically sat down' 011 the bundle of
toys.
  The door flew open; and the woman,
the kid, and the dog bounded out in a
single motion. In the full light of the door
the cowpuncher struggled to a sitting
position, found his hat, and jammed it
viciously on his head.
  “That damn step,” he blurted, “needs
fixing!”
  “Yes,” the woman replied quietly,
smothering a giggle. “I know.”
  The cowpuncher knew, too. They
needed a man around a homestead. He
got to his feet and somehow found the
grin he had lost so abruptly in the snow-
drift.
  “I brought a little somethin’ for the
kid,” he drawled, with a little careless
gesture.
  He wasn’t quite sure how it happened,
but presently he found himself sitting in
the warm cabin, eating a piece of candy,
and no longer wishing he had time to get
drunk. When the bundle was opened, the
woman failed utterly to find the words to
thank him. She just looked at him for a
long time.
  The puncher guessed that some of his
loneliness was sticking out around the
edges because she said, unexpectedly,
“Spend Christmas with us.”
  He sailed his hat across the room where
it settled, with a permanent-looking
dangle, on the deer horns above the cabin
door.
  “I’ll fix that step in the mornin’,” he
grinned.
TRUST A DEAD MAN
By
W. J. REYNOLDS
Bill Knight would have been a
son or brother to Kane Outler—
but Outler was friends only with
death. ...
Panic-stricken icttami broke
from the two gunmen aa they
jerked at their Colts.
       ^HEN you’re really going to
Dodge, Bill?” The hurt inside
reached her soft brown eyes and
spilled over to her voice. Bill Knight tried
to ignore that hurt, tried not to see it.
Mane didn't understand how a man felt
about these things.
  "Marie, try to see my side. It’s my
big chance. Think of it, a marshal under
Kane Outler!” He grasped her shoulders,
some of his habitual reserve falling away
u his enthusiasm mounted. “He’s heard
of me, honey, and he’s pleased with the
way I’ve handled this town. He wants
me as his deputy, and he’s stopping by
fer me! He’ll be here tonight. Kane Out-
let ! Why, honey, we can be married now
in a month or two—”
  She hadn’t moved under his hands, but
stood straight and still. "No,” she aald.
“No, Bill, we won’t ever be married—
now.”
His hands dropped to his sides. “You
want me to stay here and go into ycwr
7*
74
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
dad’s hay and grain business. You won’t
see what this means to me. You won't
understand, will you?”
  There was sudden passion in her voice.
“I understand, Bill. Too well. In Dodge
it will be only a bigger, a worse version of
the last two years here in Watergap. The
days and nights of horror as you became
known as Bill Knight, marshal of Water-
gap, and the gunmen wanting to add you
to the notches on their guns. The nights
I lay cold with terror, listening for the
shots and the sound of feet, someone
coming to tell me you were dead, or had
added another notch to your gun.”
“Marie, I—” His hands lifted toward
her again then stopped.
  She lifted her head and was looking at
him suddenly, steadily. In the deepening
twilight, he saw the finality in her eyes.
  "Bill,” she said, “if you go with Outler
to Dodge, it's over between us. I can’t
live like that!”
  His lips opened to speak, a plea there
ready, then they closed tightly, and his
dropping hands made a hopeless gesture.
  “Goodbye, Bill,” she whispered and
was running into the house.
  Bill Knight turned downtown, his hand
moving in a half understood gesture to
the spot on his vest where the marshal’s
•tar had hung for two years. He had
turned it in today and his valise was
packed and ready in the Watergap Hotel.
His stride lengthened. Kane Outler would
be arriving at the hotel in a few more
minutes. He would stay there tonight and
tomorrow embark for Dodge. And Bill
Knight would be with him.
  Somehow, Bill did not feel the awe he
had expected as he watched Kane Outler
step down from the stage a few minutes
later. The marshal was tall, lean and had
a still, flowing movement like a boa con-
strictor that Bill had once seen in a circus.
His eyes were a gray-blue with shreds of
northern ice, never melting. They gave
Bill Knight an unpleasant shock.
  Kane Outler’s eyes didn’t dart and stab,
but went in an easy sweep that missed no
detail, an indefinite stare. His white,
slender hands were still with latent power
near the broad belt that supported the
famous stag handled Colts.
  As Bill Knight stepped forward, he
received the full force of Outler’s eyes,
and Bill’s lifting hand dropped back. He
instinctively knew that Outler would not
shake hands now.
  “I’m Bill Knight, Mr. Outler. Welcome
to Watergap.” As Outler nodded briefly,
Bill went on with unaccountable lack of
enthusiasm. “I've taken the liberty to
reserve you a room in the Watergap Hotel
—upstairs.”
  Outler nodded again. “We'll go up
then,” he said.
  As Bill Knight paced Outler through
the lobby, skirted the bar and climbed the
stairs to Outler’s room, Marie’s words
kept prodding him. With different eyes,
he noted the gunman’s encompassing
glances that missed nobody, weighed each
man they approached, those slender hands
still and ready. The tension crept into
Bill Knight, the shuddery feeling of
hungry guns waiting, waiting .
KANE OUTLER did not relax in the
room either, he never turned his
back to Bill Knight as he investigated the
closet and looked under the bed. Bill tried
to conceal his surprise but knew that Out-
ler had noted it.
  Outler said without humor, coldly,
“You’ll learn, Knight—if you live. Had
a man take a shot at me from under a bed
once. Luckily I had tired of sleeping on
a straw bed and I’d had a cotton mattress
put on the day before.”
  Bill Knight felt uneasy, a little choked.
He wished they were already on tomor-
row’s stage.
  And it was no better in bed later.
Around midnight, after tossing for two
hours, Bill Knight got up and dressed.
Maybe a long walk would tire him enough
to sleep. Hell of a Dodge City marshal
he'd make, foggy with sleepless nights . . .
  He spotted the two strangers at the
bar, standing apart from the thinning
crowd. From habit, he started toward
them. Then lie remembered he was no
longer marshal here, and shrugging, went
out. But his thoughts kept returning to
them, the pale eyes, that he had glimpsed
in the mirror, of one, the bulging, frog
eyes of the other. The crossed catridge
belts. Gunmen.
  They were still in the nearly deserted
bar when he returned two hours later.
Bill turned through the bar and Curley,
TRUST A DEAD MAN
the bartender got off his stool and poured
him a drink. He was raisin? it to his
lips when the two moved up beside him,
one on either side, suddenly, smoothly.
Under their stare, Curley moved back to
his stool.
  "You’re Bill Knight?" asked Pale
Eyes.
  "That’s right.”
  “You and Outler figger to leave for
Dodge tomorrow?”
  “That’s right.”
  “Man needs money in Dodge,” said
Pale Eyes. “I know where you can get
a lot of money. Five hundred. Ain’t that
right, Frog?”
  “If he co-operated he could,” agreed
Frog. “And was real smart. He might
even get to be marshal of Dodge hisself.”
  “If Kane Outler was dead, that is,”
said Pale Eyes.
  Bill Knight knew the tight he was in.
If he refused to help them kill Kane
Outler, they wouldn’t allow him to go
tell the marshal. If he agreed, he might
be the badman’s marshal of Dodge . . .
  Bill Knight set his glass down carefully,
and they were pressing closer then, pin-
ning his arms just enough without being
too obvious.
  They had him. Bill Knight knew that
and lifted his eyes to the mirror, better to
see them both. Unbelievingly then, he
stared into the mirror, seeing the lean,
fearful figure just inside the door. Kane
Outler’s cold eyes were wide and glaring
now, and his white hands hovered over
the stag handled Colts that showed like
bleached bones from the pushed back coat.
  In that tension charged moment, Bill
Knight knew, clearly and without doubt,
where Outler had been. He had been fol-
lowing Bill Knight. The wolf in him had
felt Bill Knight’s unease, that animal
instinct suspecting a trap and those glaring
eyes now told Bill that he stood convicted
with those other two.
  Bill Knight knew that those hungry,
stag handled guns would make no dis-
tinctions. His life hung by a slender
thread.
  "These two are out to kill you, Outler,”
Bill said clearly. “They tried to ring me
in on it.”
  “Why, damn you—” began Pale Eyes.
  Bill Knight shoved with his arms sud-
denly, hard, then went in a long dive along
the sawdust floor, hands stretched above
his head. "They’re yours, Outler!”
  But his words were drowned. Panic-
stricken screams broke from the two gun-
men as they jerked at their Colts. Then
Kane Outler’s lead was skimming over
Bill Knight and the saloon rocked to the
thunder of those famous guns. Frog died
with his gun half out of leather, and Pale
Eyes followed him so close that they fell
together with the dying Pale Eyes squeez-
ing off a shot into the sawdust floor. •
Slowly then some of the fearful tension
ran out of Outler and the guns sagged al-
most imperceptibly.
  “Those men have followed me from
Santone,” Outler said finally, his voice
an even monotone. “They were hired to
kill me by a certain element in Dodge.
They could and would have made it in-
teresting to anyone who helped them.”
His cold eyes bored into Bill Knight.
  “I know,” said Bill Knight and his
own even speech astonished him. "They
offered me five hundred. I was in a
tight.” He stood up and looked at Out-
ler. “You followed me.”
  “Yes. Just to make sure why you were
prowling around after going to bed.”
There was no apology in Outler’s toneless
voice. “Don’t make it a habit to worry me,
Knight.” For a second the glare was back,
then it was gone and he holstered his guns.
“Get a pattern and no impulses, under-
stand?”
  “Yeah, I understand, or I am beginning
to, anyway. Marie understood before ana
she was right.” He knew now that Kane
Outler was killer first, lawman second.
  “What?” snapped Outler. “Who’s
Marie?”
  “My girl,” said Bill Knight. Then he
repeated softly, “My girl.”
  Then under Outler’s stare, Bill Knight
unbuckled his gunbelt and tossed it oh
the bar. “Curley,” he said gently, “a
present for you. I won’t need it in the
hay and feed business!”
  He walked past Kane Outler and out
the door into the street. In him was a
pressing urgency to see the worry and
fear in a pair of soft brown eyes turn to
shining happiness.
BUCKSKIN LOBO
There must have been several hundred howling savages.
       By L. C.
       DAVIS
Trail-blazer Leonard was so Itchy for
trouble—he stirred up a nest of
arrow-sllnging hornets.
THE name of Zenas Leonard, moun-
tain man, author and pioneer trader,
may not be too familiar to Western
readers, but he had a very prominent role
in the winning of the West.
  He was born in Clearfield, Pa., in 1809,
the same year that Abraham Lincoln was
born, and he died in the year the Great
Emancipator was first elected “President.
That life span of fifty-one years was
eventful. Besides spending four years as
a trapper in the Northwest during the
most exciting and dangerous period of
the fur trade, he was among the first
Americans to reach the Pacific Coast.
  When Zenas Leonard was twenty-one
3fears old, he had a burning desire to
see the West.
76
BUCKSKIN LOBO
77
  Stopping at Pittsburgh, which was
beginning to rise as a metropolis on the
•he of old Fort Pitt, he found gainful em-
yment for a year. With a fresh stake,
moved on to St. Louis. In 1831 the
Mississippi River port, ten miles from the
mouth of the Missouri, was the Western
capital for the fur trade.
  Gant & Blackwell were outfitting an
expedition to the Northwest, and Leonard
joined them. There were seventy in the
party that proceeded up the Missouri
River to old Fort Osage, near Independ-
ence. They paused there briefly, then
headed up the Kansas River to the mouth
of the Republican, trading with the Kansas
Indians en route.
  Going up the Republican in a north-
westerly direction to the Platte, they took
the north fork of that stream. They
passed Chimney Rock, landmark in later
years for travelers on the Oregon Trail,
on their way to the mouth of the Laramie
River.
  It was here that the party broke up
into three groups for the purpose of trap-
£ing along the three rivers that emptied
ito the Platte near this point. One group
•elected the Timber River, another
ascended the Sweetwater, while Leonard’s
group, under command of Captain A. K.
Stephens, went up the Laramie as far
as the Medicine Bow Range in what is
now Wyoming.
  But it was rough going and their horses
died of starvation during the winter be-
cause of the scarcity of forage. In despera-
tion, Captain Stephens thought of Santa
Fe, eight hundred miles to the South.
  "I*ve been there,” he told his haggard
men. "It’s on the Santa Fe Trail and
I know we'll find horses there. Missouri
mules, anyway.”
  They set out afoot—but the mountains
had them trapped. After a struggle of
tan weeks through snow passes, in which
they suffered severe hardships, they re-
turned to their Laramie River camp. Leon-
ard, however, wanted to try again, and
4m Intrepid young frontiersman took
•even men and set forth. They might
have made it, at that, if they hadn’t mis-
judged the population of an Indian camp
which they attacked. Only a few braves
kmnged around as they opened fire.
  The ftr»t few shot* atirred up a hornet’s
nest, as redskins sprang up everywhere.
There must have been several hundred
howling savages besides the screaming
squaws. The mountain men beat a hasty
retreat and were glad to get away from
there alive.
  That was the last attempt to reach
Santa Fe. They returned to their camp
after being away for a month, and the
entire group went back to the rendezvous
at the mouth of the stream. There was
no sign of the others, however.
  About that time Thomas Fitzpatrick,
well known trapper and guide, in com-
mand of a group of one hundred and fifteen
men, happened along. He had news.
  “Gant & Blackwell are out of business,”
he told them. “But we need more men.
Why not join up with us?”
  They did, and the former employees of
the St. Louis firm next found themselves
delivering supplies for Fitzpatrick to trap-
pers on the Snake River, beyond tne
mountains.
  The following summer four hundred
mountain men gathered at Pierre’s Hole,
summer rendezvous. “Holes” came big
in those days, for this one happened to
be a valley seventy miles in length and
ten miles wide.
  They must have been scattered or hid-
den on July 18, 1832, for Blackfeet In-
dians made the mistake of attacking them
on that day. This was known as the
Battle of Pierre’s Hole. During the at-
tack, Leonard crawled on his hands and
knees and dragged a wounded comrade
to safety, after which he returned to the
fray and fought until the invaders were
routed.
  He was a man of action, always wanting
to be on the move, and when Capt. B. L.
E. Bonneville, encamped on the Green
River, organized an expedition to explore
the country to the Pacific Coast, Leonard
and other trappers joined it. He had al-
ways wanted to see the Pacific, and Lieu-
tenant Joseph Reddiford Walker, who was
to command the group, loved to explore
unknown regions. Leonard signed up as
a clerk.
  Walker had orders from Bonneville to
take a small group of men and “steer
through an unknown country to the Pa-
cific.” Whether this route was to take
them through California or the country
78
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
to the north wasn’t quite clear. Anyway,
California was “unknown,” and Walker,
who was from Missouri, may have ex-
ceeded hi# authority in leading his party
in that direction. Zenas Leonard might
have had something to do with it, too.
They couldn’t have selected a tougher
route.
  Leaving the Green River, they pro-
ceeded down the Humbolt and began the
arduous journey over the Sierra Nevada
Mountains. Some historians believe they
di«covered the Yosemite Valley and were
the first to see the famous giant redwood
trees on the western slopes of the moun-
tain range. But they never stopped to
plant any flags.
  A week later they heard a distant rum-
bling, like thunder, and were alarmed—
until they learned that they were ap-
proaching the Pacific.
  If this phenomenon of sound startled
them, they were in for a greater sensation
a few nights later—November 13, 1833—
when they saw an immense shower of
meteors. Negro slaves in the Southern
States saw that heavenly display also, and
dropped to their knees in terror, for it
was "the year the stars fell.”
AFTER all this, the men were ready
for a drink or two, and they were
afforded all they wanted when they reached
the northern arm of San Francisco Bay,
where a ship lay at anchor. It was the
Lagoda, from Boston, and Captain Brad-
shaw, its master, invited the explorers
to come aboard.
  “I have a few casks of cognac that need
sampling,” he told them with a smile.
"It’s a long trip around the Horn.”
  It was a hard trip across the Sierras,
too, and the sailors and "landlubber”
mountain men drank and fraternized for
several day*. Walker's men spent several
months visiting the Spaniards in San
Jose, San Juan and Monterrey. In the
spring of 1834 they began the return
trip, which wasn’t quite as tough, but
bad enough. They rejoined Bonneville
on the Great Salt Lake.
  As in yeart gone by, the brigade was
broken up into smaller groups for trap-
ping purposes. Leonard’s group trapped
on the Tongue, Wind, Powder, Yellow-
stone and Big Porcupine Rivers, ending
up on the Popo Agie, where they again
rejoined Bonneville. It was a profitable
year for Leonard.
  He returned to Independence in Au-
gust, 1835, with Bonneville and his party,
and eleven hundred dollars, which wasn’t
exactly chicken feed in those days when
a dollar went a considerable distance. He
kept on going to Clearfield, Pa., where
the young explorer was welcomed as
warmly by his parents as if he were the
Prodigal Son, since nothing had been
heard from him since his departure five
years before.
  But Leonard grew a little weary of
reciting over anti over his adventures to
citizens of his home town. Instead, he
got the idea of putting^ it into writing—
so the young explorer turned author.
  His story was printed in weekly in-
stallments in the Clearfield Republican,
and the usual “Continued, next zveek” at
the foot of each chapter left townspeople
agog and anxious for the next copy. When
the yarn was printed in book form, it was
entitled Narrative of the Adventures of
Zenas Leonard.
  Unfortunately, the newspaper plant was
destroyed by fire. All but two copies
of the book went up in smoke. The pub-
lisher had one copy at home, the author
the other. A limited edition of the book
was finally printed in 1904.
  However, a few months in his home
town was all he could bear. The call of
the West again beckoned to Leonard and
his restless soul obeyed. This time he
stopped at Sibley, on the site of old Fort
Osage, where in 1836 he established a
trading post. He outfitted traders of the
Santa Fe Trail as well as taking care of
the needs of local customers.
  As if this wasn't enough to keep him
busy, he ran a string of boats on the
Missouri between Cogswell Landing, at
the mouth of Fire Prairie Creek, and St.
Louis. Upstream came Indian trinkets
and Yankee notions. Downstream went
furs to the St. Louis market.
  Zenas Leonard died in 1860 and was
buried in Sibley Cemetery. A grandson,
William D. Leonard, lives in Kansas
City—and Zenas Leonard’s fame survives
among historians, who still quote him as
an authority on Western lore and an out-
standing frontier»ma*.
Iftdkrit-AfAf*!
                 history for Mm .
JAMES BOWIE, who gave his name
to a famous knife, was no legendary
figure. He was a real flesh and blood
frontiersman who lived a vigorous life
and died a hero’s death in the Alamo, yet
most of his life’s history is cloaked in leg-
end. David Crockett, who also perished
in that flaming cauldron of Texas inde-
pendence, left a biography, but not Bowie.
He was just too busy to give it much
thought.
  It is said that he rode aligators in Loui-
siana, speared wild cattle much in the
manner of chasing buffalo, fought duels in
dark rooms with the bowie knife, and
bartered with Laffite the pirate for ivory
«m the Texas Gulf coast. All of this before
he went to San Antonio and married the
daughter of the vice-governor of Texas.
Bowie was a forceful leader of men,
bat a meek follower of the Goddess of For-
It wasn't the flick of a card or the
TREASURE
OF
SAN SABA
 By DAVE SANDS
      turn of a wheel that intrigued him. He
      was a high stake gambler who asked no
      odds. He gambled with his life, not money,
      for a great cause, or for the chance of
      finding gold or silver. In his zealous search
      ter the famed lost mines on the San Saba
      river, his exploits rivaled those of other
      great figures in frontier history.
       One account handed down by fron-
tiersmen relates that Bowie went to Texas
about 1830, or about the time the Lipan
Indians made the Llano river region their
hunting grounds. Chief of the Lipans, a
branch of the far-flung Apaches, was
Xolic, who led his people on a bartering
expedition to San Antonio every six
months, taking along a small amount of
silver bullion for that purpose. There
was a little gold mixed in the silver ore,
which led residents of San Antonio to
believe it was chipped off a rich vein.
  Efforts to learn more were futile as the
Lipans were sworn to secrecy under penal-
ty of a slow death by torture. But if the
Mexicans and Spaniards gave up easily,
the Americans were more persistent. One
of these was James Bowie.
 As part of his campaign to win the
friendship of the Lipans he presented a
fine silver-plated rifle, imported from the
east, to Chief Xolic. After a powwow,
Bowie became a member of the tribe in
a ceremony at San Pedro Springs. In
the months that followed he became adept
at hunting buffalo ,and battling enemies of
the tribe. In fact, he became such a good
warrior and brave that his patience and
efforts were rewarded by a peek into the
tribe’s treasure trove.
 Bowie was amazed at what he saw.
79
so
10 STORY WESiERN MAGAZINE
Whether it was a great storehouse full of
smelted bullion or natural veins of ore,
mattered little. The fact remained that
there was millions of dollars worth of
Spanish gold and silver there. He had no
sooner learned the secret than he took
leave of the tribe and headed for San An-
tonio. He would need help if he planned
to lift the treasure by force.
  But Bowie was between the devil and
the deep blue sea. Too large an “army”
would mean too many with whom to di-
vide the wealth. Too small a force would
mean dismal failure in the venture. While
he was making plans Chief Xolic passed
to his happy hunting grounds and was
succeeded by Tres Manos (Three Hands),
a young warrior who was not so kindly
disposed to the adopted member of the
tribe. In fact, he lost no time in going
to San Antonio and accusing Bowie of
treachery. It nearly cost him his life. too.
  So much for the “off-the-record” ac-
count. Another version of the same story,
which has some historical basis, relates
that Bowie, with ten other men, including
his brother, Rezin P. Bowie, set out on
an expedition to locate the lost Spanish
mines on November 2, 1831. Among the
others was Cephas K. Ham, who played an
important part in the explorations.
  Both accounts claimed that James Bowie
had been in the San Saba country before,
looking for gold and silver, but if he had he
acted mighty queer for one who apparently
knew where he was going. So much time
was consumed in “examining the nature of
the country,” as he put it, that he hadn't
arrived at the abandoned fort on the San
Saba after more than two weeks in spite
of the fact that it was but a hundred and
fifty miles from San Antonio.
1THE site of the old presidio was thought
•	to have been only a mile from the
mines, and was the main target of their
expedition. Why did Jim Bowie wander
for nearly three weeks? Did he have other
information ?
  They were told by a friendly Coman-
che on November 19 that hostile savages
were in the vicinity. For the most part
they were Tehuacanas, Caddo1-- and Wacos.
Whether Three Hands and his Lipans
were in the war party was not learned.
  They struck at dawn on the 21st—a
hundred and sixty-four strong, or about
fifteen to one, but the Bowie camp wasn’t
caught napping. In fact they had forty-
eight hours to prepare for the assault.
  The battle raged all day. Fifty redskins
were killed and thirty-five wounded. One
Texan was dead and three were wounded.
But most of the mine hunters’ horses were
killed or crippled, and they remained in
the camp for another week licking their
wounds. One of the men, by the name of
Buchanan, was badly wounded in the leg,
and they “boiled some live oak bark,
thickened it with powdered charcoal and
Indian meal, made a poultice of it and tied
it around Buchanan’s leg.” A piece of buf-
falo skin was sewed around the bandage.
His recovery was rapid.
  Time hung heavily on their hands and
during the period of convalescence some
of the able bodied members of the party
found a cave near the camp, which served
to place the location of the battle about
six miles east of the presidio, instead of
twenty-five miles east, as was generally be-
lieved. It took them ten days to limp
hack to San Antonio.
  According to Cephas Ham, he—not
Bowie—was adopted by Indians, but they
were Comanches, not Lipans, and their
chief was Incorroy. He was on horse
trading expeditions with the tribe in 1831,
when he almost saw the mine. The price
of a good horse was two brass rings, eight
balls of lead, a pint of powder, a butcher
knife and a plug of tobacco, and they
caught mustangs and drove them to Loui-
siana.
  One of Ham's hunting companions was
a fat warrior. One day he took the Texan
into his confidence.
  “Plenty silver other side,” he said,
pointing to a hill. “We go alone. I show
you. But others mustn’t know. They kill
us.”
  The fat brave was unable to keep his
promise, however, for the camp moved on
next day. Then Ham received a message
from James Bowie saying that the Mexi-
cans and Comanches were on the verge of
war. When he arrived in San Antonio
he learned that the real purpose of Bowie's
warning was to enlist Ham’s aid in his
search for the San Saba treasure. The ex-
pedition then took its departure.
  “Rezin P. Bowie had already been to
TREASURE OF SAN SABA
81
the mine,” Ham said. “It wasn’t far from
the fort. Rezin descended to the bottom
of the eight-foot shaft on steps hewn from
an oak log. With his tomahawk he hacked
off some ore and took it to New Orleans
where the assay showed it to be of excel-
lent quality.” Fie returned to San Antonio,
and his further moves were chronicled in
the “historical” account of the expedition.
  Jim Bowie did not give up the search,
however. Jason was no more persistent in
his quest of the Golden Fleece than this
man Bowie. He raised a second expedi-
tion of thirty men, all authorities agree.
This time, according to Ham, he got to
the San Saba but failed to find the shaft,
which had been filled up. However, he
may have found it, and was getting ready
to develop it when the war between Texas
and Mexico broke out. Many Texans,
too, were insistent in their belief that
Bowie’s real motive for getting hold of the
San Saba wealth was to help finance the
Texas army in its battle for independence.
  One authority believed that the Lipans
showed Bowie several hundred jack loads
of pure silver that had been moulded into
bars and stored in a cave, instead of a
mine. There also is a story that five hun-
dred dollars was paid to a Mexican for a
document that one of Santa Anna’s officers
took from the dead body of Jim Bowie in
the Alamo. It purportedly gave directions
for finding the mine. But for some r*ason
or other the purchaser was unable to find
it. Be that as it may, many believe to
this day that Bowie died on that 6th day
of March, 1836, knowing where untold
wealth was hidden.
   Out of all this welter of fact and fiction,
it seems that Jim Bowie set out for the
mines, all right, and must have known
its location, for his name appears on two
different stone gateposts of the old stock-
ade ruins on the San Saba. One, badly
mutilated, bore the date 1829, while an-
other, more plainly, reads:
BOWIE
MINE
1832
  Whether Jim Bowie carved his name
on either of these gateposts near the
northwest entrance to the presidio, along
with the dates, will never be definitely
known, but the last San Saba mine has
ever after been known as the Bowie mine.
Four years later, as Col. Bowie, he led his
company in the so-called Grass Fight,
when he mistook bundles of hay loaded on
Mexican mules for bags of silver with
which to pay off the soldiers of General
Cos. And with a hundred and eighty-
odd other Texans, he carved his name
indelibly in the minds of the common
people for his brave part in achieving Tex-
as independence.
December’s Trailblazing Novel
Hard as gunflame, swift as an arrow, ha blazed hia hell-born
pilgrimage . . . the phantom from the land of scalps and gold
who swore he’d shock his guns six feet under—or take—
SIX BULLETS WEST
 By Steve Frazee
LAST DRAW FOR THE GALLOWS KID
 By Talmage Powell
   Plus novelettes, slories, and features by Joe
Archibald, John Holland, and many others.
  With 15 features for unexcelled variety—
with far more than the wordage of the
average hard-cover novel — Fifteen Western
Tales remains—
  Your biggest buy in Western Tale*
  On Sale At Your Newsstand Now!
               Great Novelette of Powder-Quick
               Pride and Hair-trigger Vengeance!
By ROD
HOT BLOOD
BRANDS THE
CROSSBONE
      With his cigarette tailing the
aromatic smell of Bull Durham, Ral Bris-
tow turned into the Casino in Sag City
and put the buckle of his cartridge belt
against the raw pine bar, resting spread
arms and elbows on the ledge. A barkeep
turned from the line of drinkers and laid
bottle and glass before him. Inr Staw-
83
•tte tailing the
If wtmf m Clyde Tunis' ballots had
  rkod him tor Hidden death that
  Mai Bristow even began to live!
84
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
buck, the proprietor, walked the length
of the crowded room and clasped Bris-
tow’s rope-scarred hand.
  “Why, howdy, Ral,” said the owner,
a small black-mustached man dressed in
a fustian waistcoat and the string tie and
gates-ajar collar of his trade. “Been six
months since you shined your elbows on
my bar. How’s everything on Lodge-
grass Creek?”
  “Not good,” Bristow said frankly,
harshly. “Rustlers cleaned my feeder
ranch. ’
  Stawbuck nodded in a grave way, then
murmured for Bristow’s hearing alone:
“Cylde Tunis is in town.”
  “Saw him,” Bristow said laconically.
  “Got his boys with him over at the
Shindy—Hipe Luckinbill, too.”
  Bristow took his drink without com-
ment. Stawbuck watched him with a
hard care but said no more on the sub-
ject. Nobody had to caution Ral Bristow
regarding his enemies. He knew them
as thoroughly as he knew his friends and
this town was full of both.
  Stawbuck bought Bristow’s second
drink, smiled his practiced smile, and re-
turned to the faro game he had left at
the rear of the noisy room. Bristow slicked
the whisky down and left the place. He
was bone-tired from the forty-mile ride
from his spread down on the desert’s rim,
but determined to make the calls he had
to make before taking a room at the
hotel for a brief siesta.
  Pacing back up the street, he noticed
that Tunis had departed from the porch
of the Shindy yonder though the Cross-
bone horse still switched flies at the hitch-
ing bar.
  His walk was sauntering as he made
his way past the hotel, a three-story wood-
en building with a double-decker porch
and a cloth sign cornice-high that read:
STOCKMEN’S ASSOC. DANCE
TONIGHT
ODDFELLOWS HALL
  He was moving past Scatterday's Mer-
cantile when someone called. “Hey!”
'THE voice pulled him around on his
high spurred heels. Thre6 men paced
up the sidewalk toward him, and the street
in their vicinity had cleared of everyone
else. Bristow saw Hipe Luckinbill, Cross-
bone foreman, in the middle, with two of
Tunis’ saddle stiffs flanking him. Hipe,
a stocky man whose face showed nothing
but aloofness, had skin the color of coffee,
surly suspicious eyes, a straight slit of
a mouth and no friendliness whatever for
anyone.
  There was a tenseness in the way the
trio walked that told of strung-tight nerves
and a guarded though aggressive interest
in the man who stood beneath the arcade,
waiting, still-faced and completely motion-
less.
  There was all at once a queer lack of
sound in this part of the town. Three pairs
of spurs came jingling to a halt. The cow-
boys, Lefever and Dawkins, hung back a
pace behind Hipe, one at each of his el-
bows. And Hipe was saying, “Tunis wants
a word with you—at the Shindy.”
  Bristow’s rangy frame showed an idle-
ness that was belied by the watchfulness
of his steady eyes. He sized the men up
deliberately, then bluntly said, “Tell Tunis
I’ve got nothing to say and he’s got noth-
ing I want to hear.”
Hipe’s bleached eyebrows came to-
gether in a frown. “He’s got an apology
cornin’. You better not rile him too far.”
“To hell with Tunis! To hell with the
bunch of you!”
  Hipe reared back, bracing his hands on
his hips. His coat of faded ducking fell
open, showing the gun on his belt. Anger
washed over his face at Bristow’s affront.
“Fella,” he stated in a rancorous tone,
"do I get it straight you been callin’ Cross-
bone a rustlin’ outfit?”
  Bristow shrugged. "I called your boss
a cow thief and I said it in public. The
remark still stands!”
  "He'll kill you for that crack!” Hipe
blurted savagely.
  Bristow laughed coldly. “More likely
he tells you or his hired gunmen to do
the job! Maybe he thought I’d sing low
because you’ve got Dawkins and Lefever
with you. Maybe he figured he wouldn't
have to risk facin’ me himself.” He paused
a second, then hit the other rider with his
challenging command. “Go ahead, Hipe.
Go ahead and make your play. But re-
member if you had ten men sidin’ you,
they couldn’t plug me any quicker thaa I
HOT DLOCI') BRANDS THE CROSSBONE
85
can pull my gun and drive your tack!”
Hipc Luck inbill let his arms come up a
notch. It was like a signal to the men at
his Hanks. Lefever’s eyes seemed to crowd
closer to his flattened, ugly nose. Daw-
kins’ chillcd gaze grew even more intense.
Hipc said in his loudest voice, “You got
an hour to leave town. Take Osburn
along, and don’t make the mistake of ridin’
back!”
  Then Hipc knew it had done no good.
What had been the face of a quiet ranch-
man hardened in every line. The only part
of it that seemed human were the eyes
and those, too, changed as Hipe stared
into them. They changed subtly, and sud-
denly were like hot light.
  “I called you a bunch of rustlers,” Bris-
tow said, and his tone was queerly like a
shout uttered in a whisper, and it car-
ried hollowly' beneath the overhead arcade.
"It still stands. I've said all I have to
say to you—”
  A voice behind Bristow slopped him in
midsentence. “Ral, hold up!” He didn’t
move to look around but he knew the
speaker was Sheriff Limes. Ilipe and his
men seemed suspended between action and
uncertainty. The foreman's narrowed
eyes, however, showed something he
would rather have dropped in his tracks
than reveal to Bristow—unequivocal re-
lief. His arms came down again. He
turned away abruptly, growling: “That’s
all. Come on, boys.”
BRISTOW remained a slack shape
where he was, watching the Cross-
bone crew retreat along the deserted walk.
Behind him came the slow pace of boots
011	the packcd earth. A hand touched him
on the arm. He moved his head in a half
turn and was looking into a pair of pene-
trating deep-set eyes that had never
known fear or hate and never would know
either.
  Limes was seventy-five and the years
lay' solid on his wide square shoulders and
through his thick-chested six-foot frame.
He brushed a hand along his drooping
white mustache and tightened his grasp on
Bristow’s arm. “Ral, come over to the
office, will you? Something I want to
speak about. Don't mind, do you, son ?”
Bristow shrugged his shoulders, his
eyes half closed now against the glare of
sunlight in the street. “Not any, Sheriff.
In about a half hour. That all right?”
Limes glanced down the street, the edge
of uneasiness in his eyes. “Why, no,” he
said, then murmured, “Ral, Clyde Tunis
is the dirtiest fighter in the country!”
“He’d be dead by now if he wasn't,”
said Bristow with a flickering smile.
  The Sheriff lowered his arm, his hand.
“Ral, I can’t let a gun-fight happen. Not
here in town. Give me your word you’ll
keep clear of Tunis while you’re here.”
Bristow shook his head, genuine liking
for the old lawdog like sudden warmth in
his eyes. “Limes, I came forty miles to
take Verna Redding to the dance tonight
and try to square myself with her. You're
askin’ something I can't and won't prom-
ise.”
  The Sheriff’s bristly white eyebrows
knotted together in a troubled frown.
“Well,” he said like a sigh, “I guess I’d
like you less if you did. But, son, Tunis
has friends in Sag City. There’s a few
men here figure him for top-dog in the
valley in a year’s time. Scatterday for one.
Will Pardee for another. It’s all over the
county you called Clyde a rustler. Meb-
beso, but the boys I jest mentioned ain't
in sympathy with such a statement.”
  “If an hombre called me that,” Bris-
tow told him softly, “I’d make him prove
it or take it back.”
  “You’re proud,” said the Sheriff trou-
bledly. “And pride kills more men than
courage! Well, maybe you’ll change when
you’ve talked to Verna.”
      At the far end of the street, where
the beaten road petered out to a stretch of
vega with a creek and scrub-covered ridges
a mile beyond, stood Verna Redding's
small slab-plank bungalow under a pair
of live oaks whose reaching boughs
drooped long festoons of Spanish moss.
A hollyhock border rimmed the yard and
a foot path that brought Bristow to a
porch and a shadowed door.
  At his knock, the door opened as though
Verna had seen him coming and was wait-
ing with a hand on the latch. Bristow
pulled off his hat and stood, rar.gy and
grave, saying quietly: “Verna, how've
86
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
you been ?” Their eyes met, fair and direct.
  She was a slim fair girl of twenty-five,
straight-standing, well-formed of body and
limb, a girl who, in a land where most
women lost their allure, managed always
to look fresh and sweet in the simple
things she wore. Today she was dressed
in a plain gingham frock cut low enough
to show her softly rounded throat and
the gentle curves of shoulders and breast.
  She said, very softly: “Ral, you are
an easy-going man. You come and go
and stay away as if life were bound to last
a thousand years. Come in.”
  He followed her through the doorway,
and she faced him in a room that held a
table, a sewing machine and the neat dis-
order of a dress-maker’s workship. She
snatched a bolt of yard goods from an
easy chair and made a place for him to
sit. But he remained standing; the shad-
ows of the room made the chiseled angles
of his dark face stronger. His gaze stayed
quietly on hers. Color rose against her
cheekbones; she was pleased by his glance.
He said, “I rode in hopin’ you’d let me
take you to the dance. It’s been a long
time since the last one.”
  She was smiling as he spoke but now
soberness came to her eyes. He remem-
bered that this was the girl he had known
so long a time and yet nothing had ever
been any different than it was now—a
quiet pleasure in each other's company.
  “A long time,” she echoed. “And each
time it grows longer. Ral,” she told him
candidly, “I’m going to the dance with
Will Pardee.”
  "My usual luck,” he answered, chagrin
in his gaze. He saw regret in hers, adding
with one of his rare smiles: “Tell Will
I'll be cuttin’ in tonight....”
  Bristow’s room was at the front of the
hotel, with a single window overlooking
the second-story porch. The bed looked
good, but he slept on the floor, after pull-
ing the tick into a corner out of range of
the window. He knew about what to ex-
pect of Tunis and his rough-head crew,
and the Sheriff had warned him. A gun-
fight was coming, of that he was sure,
and he had no intention of letting them
slaughter him while asleep.
  He slept three hours. At three o’clock
•ome outside sound awakened him. He got
oB the floor, hand on his gun, and Hftsd
the window shade, peering out on the
upper gallery but seeing no one. Then
he heard the voices in the street below.
He stepped through the open window and
went to the railing.
  His own spring wagon and team of
blacks stood before the hotel. Lacey and
Springer, the remainder of his crew, sal
on the scat, and Clint Osburn stood with
a hand on Springer’s saddle-whitened
knee, speaking swiftly, urgently.
  Bristow called down, “You got the calf,
boys?”
  All the men looked up and Lacey nod-
ded and motioned toward a canvas tarp
stretched over the rear of the wagon bed.
“Ev’rthin’s like you said, Ral,” Lacey
called back soberly. Both men were wear-
ing guns on their belts and a pair of
Sharps rifles lay on the floorboards at
their feet.
  “Drape the hides on the hitch rack and
tie the calf near ’em,” Bristow ordered.
"Be right down.”
  When he reached the street five min-
utes later, the scene was set as he had
planned it. Here was the main drag ly-
ing bright with afternoon sunlight on the
rusty-colored dust, and on the saddles of
the rows of ranch horses. A group of rid-
ers and townsmen had gathered before the
hotel, and others were hurrying up under
the arcades, drawn by the sight of a bawl-
ing brindle calf that had been tied to the
hitch rail close to a brindle cow's fly-
swarming hide that still dripped blacken-
ing blood.
  The crowd was staring at the fresh
brand on the calf—a plainly marked blot-
ting job that represented the Crossbone
of Clyde Tunis. But the brand on the hide
draped over the rail was Bristow’s B-Bar,
unmistakably.
AS BRISTOW came up, Clint Osburn
gave him a nerved-up grin that
showed his broken teeth. "Keep cool, son!
Here they come now!”
  Down the street three men were strid-
ing toward the scene before the hotel—
Luckinbill, Lefever, Dawkins. Behind
them, dimly seen on the gallery of the
Shindy Bar, sat Tunis and two other
Crossbone men.
  Hipe Luckinbill and the two gun-slam-
mer* butted their way through the crowd
HOT BLOOD BRANDS THE CROSSBONE
87
and halted, all the three staring incredu-
lously at the blatting calf and the hide of
its mother.
  “Bristow !” Hipe’s voice was harsh with
anger. His eyes were only streaks against
the coffee-colored toughness of his face.
“What's this damned foolishness about?
If it’s got anything to do with Crossbone
I want it stopped!”
  Bristow stood with his back to the hotel
porch railing. He felt steady and cold; a
kind of deadly amusement glittered in his
eyes.
  “What’s it look like, Hipe? Come on
and see for yourself!”
  The trouble had reached its climax here
before the crowd, and that was the way
Bristow had planned it. He had kept the
business of the calf and its mother’s hide
to himself and to the members of his own
crew. Consequently the dramatic impact
was explosive. Here before the crowd, be-
fore part of the Crossbone crew, was the
flat, indisputable proof of Clyde Tunis’
nefarious activities against B-Bar. The
Crossbone-brandcd calf bawling so mourn-
fully at the hide of a B-Bar cow was
all the evidence needed to run Clyde
Tunis and his rowdies out of town, out
of the country, out of the State.
  Up the street a woman’s voice cried,
“Somebody get the Sheriff! Stop them
before the shooting starts!”
  The cry had a steadying, sobering ef-
fect on the tempers of Hipe and his men.
But Hipe’s leathery face worked in a
twitching way that told of his inward fury
and discomfiture.
  Bristow's greenish eyes squinted with
contempt. He said, slowly, carefully, yet
With anger: “There’s the proof. That B-
Bar cow was shot! There’s her hide!
There's the calf wearin’ your brand! If
you’ve got anything to say, make vour
talk!”
  Hipe swallowed hard. His slitted gaze
swung from side to side, seeing the grim
looks on the faces of the crowd, seeing
the bleak triumph on Bristow’s, the watch-
ful wariness on those of the B-Bar crew.
Then he snarled an oath and wheeled,
striding furiously back toward the Shindy
Bar. Lefever and Dawkins hung back a
moment, eyeing Bristow in a hungry way,
then they, too, whirled and walked away.
  The crowd began to disperse, murmur -
ously. In the crowd, Bristow knew full
well, were a few of Clyde Tunis' friends,
but now they would keep silent about any
sympathy they might hold for the Cross-
bone boss. The business of the hide and
the calf had accomplished this much—it
had driven Bristow’s enemies to cover,
except for Tunis and his crew. They
would be out after his scalp within a mat-
ter of hours. And there would be the
shoot-out Bristow wanted before another
dawn. He was ready for that fight, actu-
ally welcomed it, for it was the only sure
way of putting an end to rustling in High
Valley, the only way of heading off his
own eventual bankruptcy and ruin.
IN ODDFELLOWS’ Hall, a block
north of the hotel, the fiddles and gui-
tars had started up and there rose from
the long many-windowed building the
sounds of scraping feet moving in the
rhythm of a waltz, of young girls’ tittering
laughter, the maturer laughter of women
and men caught up in the keen excite-
ment of the night.
  When he left his room in the hotel,
Bristow went to a restaurant across from
the livery stable and had his supper with
the B-Bar crew. The four men ate in si-
lence, but each man had his instructions
for the evening. When they finished the
meal and Bristow paid the bill, they left,
one at a time, and took up prearranged
positions along the four-block street, and
were immediately lost to view.
  Bristow was the last to leave the res-
taurant. He went at once to the hall and
bought his ticket, kept the stub, and went
inside. Paused against the wall under the
flickering chandeliers, he searched the
groups of revolving couples on the broad
dance floor for the woman he now belated-
ly knew he had to win for his wife.
  He finally found her waltzing with Will
Pardee. Her glance came to him as though
she had been waiting and watching for
his arrival, then swung away as Pardee
turned her in his arms, and returned again.
He saw her smile flash toward him, reach-
ing through the turning, swaying crowd,
as clear an invitation as a man ever had
from a woman.
  Pardee saw Verna’s head turn, and
glanced across the hall, a stain of resent-
ment rising feo hie dark, long-j«w*d face.
88
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
He was dressed In evening clothes, boiled
shirt, swallowtail coat, trousers pulled
tight by straps fastened under the soles
of patent leather boots.
  Bristow dropped his half-smoked ciga-
rette into a sand-filled crack against the
wall, and walked out on the dance floor,
a solid force moving in a straight line.
His surroundings, the confusion of lights
and voices and music, faded away, and he
saw only Verna and knew only one thing.
This time he wasn’t going to lose her.
  He reached them, touched Pardee on
the shoulder, gathered the girl in his em-
brace and swung her away before her
partner knew what had happened. Then
the fiddles ended the waltz, and applause
washed over the crowded room with its
festoons of crepe paper and candle lan-
terns.
  They stood close, Verna’s gaze lifted
to his. “I’ve been worried,” she whis-
pered. “All the talk about Tunis—”
"Where can we go to be alone ?” he said
impatiently.
  She looked around the room, then back
at him. “I don’t know. But, Ral—”
“I’ve got to talk to you. ”
  “Please, Ral. Everybody’s looking at
t»a.”
  But he waa determined. He held her
arm and began steering her through the
crowd. The band started up with the
opening bars of a square dance. The caller
sang, "Choose your pardnersf” and then
began his chant:
“... Pour in the middle and
can't git about,
Turn, Cinnamon, turn! ”
  A rough hand clapped Bristow’s shoul-
der, gripped and spun him half way
around. Bristow’s gaze veered toward
Wfll Pardee who had come up behind
him through the stamping swaying cou-
ples cm the floor. Pardee’s eyes gleamed
hat*. “Listen, cowpunk!” he said in a
jarring tone. “You’re butting In on the
wrong man! ”
  Bristow thrust his arm out straight
and hard. The force of hit pash staggered
the other man back a pace. Bristow’s
face was saturnine, but calm. He did not
speak. Pardee went white with fury. He
gathered his muscular body as If to spring
at Bristow, and his mouth was stretched
back savagely. Then came the volley of
revolver shots outside the hall.
ohapt” Peace+ftaJzel PeSidUtio+i
      The dancing stopped as men and
women whirled, staring toward the street
doors. The fiddles and guitars petered out
to silence. The caller quit in the middle
of a word.
  A small man with a red face poked his
head in the doorway, hollering, “Gun-
fight! Ev’ybuddy duck!”
  Bristow was on his way out of the hall,
moving with long, reaching strides that
carried him swiftly through the gaping,
startled groups of men and women on the
floor. They parted ranks to let him pass
and those who inadvertently blocked his
way he bumped aside with elbows and
arms.
  The street, streaky with shadows and
the outshining lights of late-closing shops,
looked empty. But there was a huddled
figure lying in the center of the square, a
shapeless crumple of a man resting on his
aide, both arms hugging his knees against
his body as in pain.
  Bristow strode into the street. A voice
—Lacey’s—called from nearby shadows:
"Be careful, Ral!”
  Then Bristow saw the red glow of ciga-
rettes farther down the street under the
arcade near the hotel. Across from those
two hidden figures another pair of ciga-
rettes glowed and faded like red eyes
in the darkness.
  Bristow said to Lacey softly: “Cover
me!” and walked directly to the fallen
man.
  It was Clint Osburn. The old man had
been hard hit. His grizzled face was con-
torted and he was softly groaning. Bris-
tow got down on a knee. He lifted the
foreman in both arms and held him, sup-
porting his head from which the hat had
fallen. Iron-gray hair clung wetlv to his
wrinkled brow. Osburn opened his eyes
and they were bitterly bright.
  “Tunis . . .’’he gasped. “Got me in
. . . the belly! Tried to stop him! He . . .
was goin’ in the hall!”
  "Why’d you do it, Clint? I told you
I'd handle him!”
  “AH them wimmen in there,” the old
HOT BLOOD BRANDS THE CROSSBONE
89
man whispered “That varmint wouldn’t
keer who lie hit! Ral, I’m a goner. Wish’t
I knowed the end of this trail, son. It . . .
it’s a new one.”
  Bristow’s jaw knotted. “Rest easy,
pard,” he breathed. "Nothing to fret
yourself about. Rest easy now.” He low-
ered the foreman’s head, rose and hauled
off his coat, rolling it while he watched
the street, then bent and pillowed it under
Clint.
  Boots were clumping up the sidewalk
from the courthouse. Through the shad-
ows Sheriff Limes came striding with
two deputies. The pair of cigarettes had
ceased their glowing on that side of the
street. The men who had stood there had
disappeared down an alleyway. Yonder,
before the hotel, was vague movement.
Those two still waited in the dark, watch-
ing, perhaps with guns still gripped.
  Bristow didn't wait for the Sheriff to
reach the scene. He went back to the
shadows and found Lacey waiting, a hand
resting on his gun, an ugly scowl on his
leathery face. “Bob,” said Bristow, “find
Sam and keep watchin’ the street. I’m go-
in ’ after Tunis!”
  Inside the hall the hand began again, but
half the crowd was pushing out through
the open doors, cautious, staring, wonder-
ing. And then a slender figure came run-
ning through the shadows. It was Verna
Rending, her hair disarranged. Bristow’s
name on her lips in a low, choked cry.
  “Ral!” she said. “Will Pardee left the
hall by the back door! He—had a revolver
in his hand!”
  Bristow gripped her by the arms, his
face stern, almost forbidding in its savage
calmness. “Verna, go back inside! Stay
there till I come for you” That was all.
Then he wheeled and started down the
walk.
  His right elbow broke upward. His
hand lay against the coolness of his gun’s
bone butt. As he walked, he cocked the
hammer over a live shell and left it cocked.
  He heard brisk movement under the
darkened arcade a hundred feet ahead of
him. He ducked aside and moved along
n the dark against the building fronts.
The last few lights in stores had gone out,
extinguished as by swiftly flattened hands.
A stock train's staccato stack thunder
wai coming up Frevert’i Grade a mile
east of town. The sound increasingly
filled the night, then the engine’s whistle
screamed for the lower crossing.
  Bristow reached the corner of the hotel
and there halted, flat against the gallery,
his gaze swinging. This was the spot
where he had seen the first two glowing
ends of cigarettes. There was a narrow
passage running rearward beside the hotel.
He entered it and made his way through
blackness as deep as that in a mine.
  Then ahead of him in the hotel’s rear
quarter someone fell over a barrel of emp-
ty food tins. The clatter was brief but
through it he heard a man softly cursing.
He quickened his pace and broke out in
the rear yard, fully halted, his gun drawn
and ready against his thigh.
  He caught the movement of a man,
perhaps two. ducking hack toward the
street through another alley to the south.
In a silence so profound he was aware
of the thud of his own boots on the earth,
Bristow ran toward that alley.
  Then the alley’s darkness was split
asunder by the stabbing flash of a six-gun
fired at him. The bullet slapped a shed
behind him and the crash of the shot left
his ears ringing and half deaf. He flat-
tened himself to the ground, raising his
weapon, then lowering it. He heard boots
and spurs clanking at a run toward the
street.
  He was up and pursuing instantly, but
very wary now, his night eyes working
at last. His guess was that someone was
baiting him farther from the heart of
town, perhaps somewhere near the cattle
pens where he would be cornered by the
whole Crossbone crew and shot down like
a dog.
  He smiled savagely to himself at the
thought. He had no intention of continu-
ing this game of fox and hounds. And,
as he came sliding out of the alley and
hit the street, he tried to put himself in
Tunis' boots. And, in that space of a
short-drawn breath, he made his guess
where he would find the man he meant to
kill.
  Staring toward the railroad depot some
three hundred yards away, he saw two
men moving surreptitiously away from
him beneath the overhead wooden awn-
ings. Every few feet, this pair hesitated,
paused, and stared back toward him.
90
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
THERE was only one splash of light at
this end of town. It came under and
over the batwing blinds of the Shindy
Bar, about a hundred feet away. Bristow
glanced back toward the Hall and the
crowd that now was standing in the street.
With earn gripped in a sweating palm, he
walked to the next alley, ducked into it,
then ran swiftly to the rear yards once
more.
  Seconds later, he came behind the sa-
loon, found a door that was unlocked and
let himself into a rank-smelling passage-
way. At the street end of it, a sliver of
yellow light gleamed down low against
the floor. He went toward it, left hand
brushing the passage wall, his boots mak-
ing scarcely any sound. He reached an-
other door, patently leading into the bar-
room. There was the muffled rumble of
men’s voices beyond the panel.
  He found the door knob, gave it a
twist, flung the door inward violently,
checked himself with slittod eyes, then
entered the room with two long strides.
  There were five men in the room, at the
har, a pallid-faced barkeeper behind it.
Bristow saw Clyde Tunis standing at the
far end, his back to the doors which had
been closed and bolted against the outer
blinds.
  Next to Tunis stood Will Pardee, and
next to Pardee were three Crossbone gun-
hands, their backs turned to Bristow. That
meant four of Tunis’ men were out in
the town, waiting to cut him down when
he walked into their trap!
  As Bristow entered, all five at the bar
swung about. Their faces swam into
focus, and Tunis stiffened, shock in his
staring eyes. Will Pardee glanced over
his shoulder and then froze motionless.
His frock coat and white shirt looked
incongruous here beside the sweaty, dusty
riding garb of his companions. The three
gunmen, caught flat-footed by surprise,
blinked and started raising arms and
hands to shoulder height.
  Bristow stood spread-legged near the
door. He held his gun straight-armed be-
side him ; his expression was unreadable.
His keen eyes saw the bartender bend
cautiously,. reaching with a furtive gesture
beneath his bar. Bristow warned, “Never
mind the shotgun!”
  The barkeep shot arms and hands
toward the smoky ceiling, his mouth drop-
ping and swinging like a loose flap. All
talk had died. Outside was the sound of
men running the walks, then came scat-
tered shots, and a voice yelled in unex-
pected pain.
  Clyde Tunis recovered himself like a
man shocked awake. His big boot slipped
off the brass rail and thudded dully to th*
floor. His spur chimed once. Bristow
didn’t speak for a moment, only stared at
Tunis, the other men also bracketed In Hs
gaze. Then he said, very softly: “Go
ahead, Tunis 1 I’m givin’ you the draw!”
Tunis hadn’t expected this. Tiny,
twinkling beads of sweat showed on his
reddened cheeks. Next to him Parde*
never moved, both hands gripping the
edge of the bar, his black eyes bright and
bitter and hating Bristow with silent fury.
The three gun-hands hardly seemed
breathing.
  “Wait!” Tunis finally found voice to
speak, “You—wouldn’t shoot your tur-
key cold I”
  The three hands squeezed their bodies
against the bar, as if trying to merg«
themselves with the wood and become in-
visible. Pardee stood statue-still, his head
frozen in a three-quarter turn, face now
inscrutable.
  There was not a man here, and that in-
cluded the bartender, but would take
pleasure in shooting Bristow where he
stood, if he could have done so without
risk. And so Bristow was compelled to
gauge the others and try to guess which
one would draw and fire the second he
threw his gun on Tunis.
  To the Crossbone boss, he said in a
thin-lipped way: “Make your draw! I
don’t want it said I shot a sfttin’ bird!”
More distant shots came through the
saloon's closed doors. Somewhere down
near the stock pens a wicked dogfight was
going on. Then a kind of groaning gasp
seemed to explode from Tunis. He went
for his belted gun. pitching his burly body
into the clawing motion as if trying to
hurry his draw with every muscle ana all
of his will.
  The big man’s fingers locked over the
six-gun and he drew it with a bleating
cry, stripping the long barrel clear of
leather with a jerk, and standing side-
ways in one swift movement.
Hot Blood Brands the Crossbone
BRISTOW waited a split-second, then
bent his arm and fired. There was an
instant in which eternity was suspended
before two shots banged in the room’s
trapped silence. A third followed as Par-
dee pulled a parlor gun from his vest and
took snap aim at Bristow, letting go. Bris-
tow's hat jerked on his head.
  Tunis was going down, bent double, his
six-gun falling to the floor, his face twist-
ed in agony. There was a bullet in the
hollow under Bristow’s shoulder bone.
The impact knocked him back a pace. It
was Pardee's lead that had hit him.
  And even as he swung his gun on Par-
dee, the dark man fired again, though the
bullet sliced through Bristow’s shirt be-
tween elbow and ribs. He had to silence
that derringer, for if he fell, he knew
Pardee would fire again and again into his
prone body, would end his life in the sa-
loon’s sawdust and a pool of blood.
  Bristow let go with his second shot,
not aiming, not pulling the trigger, but
slapping the hammer back and letting it
fall against the nested shell.
  He heard and saw the bullet slug into
Pardee’s chest and stagger him around.
Bristow fired again. Pardee seemed sud-
denly pinned against the bar, his mouth
contorted, his eyelids whitening with
strain as he fought to lift the tiny pistol
In his hand. Then he fell, turning half
way around like a man feeling for a step
In the dark. His long body dropped over
the prone one of Clyde Tunis.
  Oblivious to the hot agony in his shoul-
der, Bristow pinned the three gun-hands
and the barkeep with his icy eyes.
Through a halo of gunsmoke, he said,
"There wouldn't be many complaints if
I made it a massacre, so don’t move!"
  With these murmured words, he cov-
ered the four men with his gun, and
started backing toward the bolted doors.
He came against them, reached back and
shot the bolt. At the same instant, boots
came kicking up on the saloon’s gallery.
Voices shouted in the street. Bristow
pulled aside, still covering the men before
the liar, and the saloonman behind it who
st i; 1 held his hands high.
  Sheriff Limes came lurching in with the
aged rider’s stalking gait. A deputy fol-
lowed him, and then the crowd came push-
39^
for This 5-in-l Machinc
D«iU
PRESS? T* ‘ LATHE
t-. w	• •«.
■, - |
                                       i
' f
; SANDER	• *
GRINDER
> BUY NOW
“Slffi!**
  SAW
ARRQP
 Hivt fan, Iits money oo boo* repairs. Opsrate muMMi
 ■im buslDMt. M heery^uty Borlck Utb*. DrUl rwM. Baw At*
 bor. Or latter, IrxHf all tn OK» maafilna. aain# ON* rndtor. Only
 939.0a casta, or on Baay Parraoto. lO-Day TOR* Trial. MOH»T*
 BACK aUARANTB. Oaf Blsi tmt bvUdtns quality too la. Write for
 TSUa Catalog, Oaaorlbtng oar Big 18-Di “
‘	1194 Ollnton,
 ■KICK INO.,
Pr»-€turtatma* ____
Kalamaxoo, Ml ate.
       SALESMAN! MAKE
       OVER $30.00 A DAY!
Sell nationally advertised Addins Machine for only
$12.95 complete. A desk model portable, precision
built, fully guaranteed, every inch a business ma-
chine. Easy to operate, easy to sell, easy for yon to
make big money at 49% profit I Fop llfe-slse color
photo and fall details, write today toe
LIGHTNING ADDING MACHINE CO., Inc.
Dept. M, 543 So. Spring St., Loa Anfldu IB, Calif.
Watch Rcp< liring Pays 1 
Big Money  Uam.atihom*'  
Pr#» Literature Tth Hew
Watchmakers In big demand. You tratoj
etep-by-etep under experts. Yoa learn to
take a watch apart—repair and put in
perfect working order. 10 easy lessons.
We furnish all tools, and a 15 jeweled
watch. Practice movement withfirst lesson.
          Turn spare time Into cash—
          perhaps a business of yoor
          own. A licensed school. Stu-
          dents 18 to 65 have profited
          by our training. Low coat.
Wrt, Today lor All Ibo Fat* Ho ObOgaHem
WATCH REPAIRING "• »'4“?,-",°8.t,lV.!
 SORE MUSCLES?
^ BODY ACHES?
 When musclee sre stiff and
 sox* tram unusual exercise or
 strain, use HEET®, the Uni-
 meat thsf s itrong yet does not
 barn the skin. Wonderful re-
 lief from muscular soreness
 comes as comforting HEET
 quickly starts to ptntlratt. Just
 brush It on with the applicator.
 HEET starts at once to ease
 muscular pain and kespa on
 working for hours, warms and
 soothes the painful area.
91
MAKE MORE MONEY
 Jttist Orders For The NIMROD UmJ
 Ian more nco«y srery day to the year rspre-
 MDtmg old established ftrra with a complete
 lb* of fast selling necessities: Shirts of all
 atbds, Tlaa, Underwear, Hosiery, Ratncoata.
 awaatari*. Paata, Shoes. Uniforms, etd. Erery
 ttan guaranteed. Experience unnecessary.
 Wrtte Quick for FREE SALES EQUIPMENT
 NIMROD COMPANY
    l-IM	Lincoln *v».	Chicago, III.
WtEEJ
SEND
FOP THIS
Make money. Know bowto breaK anfl
train homes. Write todav for tbli boot
FREE, together with special offer of
a oouree In Animal Breeding. If yon
‘ In O airing and Riding the Bad die
are Interested----
horse, check here (
 ) Do <1 IMay—note.
 SKIRT SCHOOL OF HOMIMNIHir
 Pept. 8412_Hw.l Mill, OMi
INVENTORS
     Leam bee to pnUct yoar bmoilan. Specially prepared
     ■Titeot Ortde” containing detailed Information eeoeernlng
     patent protection and procedure with "Beeord of Inrentlon"
     fora will be forwarded to yea upon reauetl—wltboot obligation.
   OAMNCM A. O'BRJm a HAKVWY JACOBSON
Regittond Pattnf Attorney)
 926-K DhMd NoMoaol Bldg. Washington 0, O. C
 Originally $29.95 CHRONOGRAPH
 Bsnsatlooal genuine STOP WATCH nnlv
 value with 3 button atop and start
ss-ans*	$095
  ' distance. Metal atretch band. Jl
  Um dial. Sweep second hand. V
  ifcten Ouarentoe Bond. FREE band- iN.
  some plastto sift bo* glvsn. Send
  odly $9.05 (Federal Tax included) or order
  CLO-D. Satisfaction guaranteed.
 MARVEL JBWILRY CO. Dopt. C-28
 noi »ino atrwt__pt. Louis a, Mo.
A
• • •
CTIinV *T IMIf P Legally trained men win higher poel-
OlUUl SI nUillLtiojia and bigger sncceee in business
and public life. Gr«st*r opportunities now than ever before,
■ora Ability: Mora Preatigm Mora Money Si g?lu%. K3
cn tzeln at bocas darin* spare time. Degree of LL.B, wo famish all
mst material, Including: 14-rolamo Lew Library. Low coot, easy
fifOM. Get oar valuable 48-pe«ro “lew Train in* for Leadership
      South O.srfiom StrMt
      A Correspondence Institution, Ospt. 12334-L, Chicago 5. III.
 Your Assurance Of
TOPS IN READING ENTERTAINMENT
          Whatever your preference in fiction—
          Western, Detective, Sports, Western
          Romance, Science-Fiction, Fantasy,
          Adventure, Love Stories—You’ll find M
          Popular Publication Magazine to suit
          your taste.
WATCH FOR THIS SEAL—
THE HALL MARK OF FICTION QUALITY
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
ing through the batwing blinds. Limes
took one look around the smoky room,
then went over and stirred Pardee’s life-
less body with a boot. He glanced over
his shoulder, saying wearily: “All right,
Ral. You bad your way. Reckon it was
better'n mine.” He sighed, adding, “We
got four of 'em near the depot. They
was forted up, waitin’—Oh, hell, some-
body call the coroner!”
  Bristow brought his six-gun back and
down into its brush-scuffed holster. There
was blood dripping off his wrist—not
much. He said to the Sheriff, “I want the
doc for Coburn, and fast!”
  Limes waved him away impatiently.
“Clint’s goin’ to pull through. The bul-
let only punctured him.”
  Lacey and Springer, Bristow’s men,
walked with him up the street toward the
hall whose windows looked /ike yellow
squares against the summer night. At the
hall's doors, Bristow turned and said,
“Hire me a team and buckboard at the
livery. We’ll have company goin’ home.”
He went into the hall where small
groups of women huddled, waiting for the
men to return. He found Verna waiting
in the shadows near one of the wide-open
windows. The night wind stirred her hair,
and she faced around as he came up. He
said, gently: “How long’ll it take you to
get ready?”
  She stood before him, tremulous sud-
denly, her gray eyes shining up at him.
“Ready? Ready for what, Ral?”
  “To get married,” he told her, and put
his arms around her and pulled ber close.
The pain of his wound was nothing now,
but she saw the blood, gasping, “Ral,
you’re hurt!”
  “Not bad, "I’ll take you home and find
the doc and the preacher while you’re
packing.”
  She said in a whisper, “Now, Ral?
Tonight?”
  “Tonight. I’ve waited long enough.”
She heard the brusque and possessive
rise of his voice. She could feel the com-
pulsion of his restless will, could feel the
passion he had kept hidden for so long
a time. She said, softly, and against his
chest: "I’ve waited, too. Of course, I’ll
go with you—tonight!”
THE END
RECORD WRANGLING
(Continued front page 6)
YOUNGER ALL THE TIME
  They really do seem to be finding talent
in younger sprouts these days. Newest of
the small-fry thrushes is Georgia Ann
Williams. She’s the thirteen-year-old
daughter of Curly Williams. And, of
course, Curly’s the leader of the Georgia
Peach Pickers. Now he’s grooming
Georgia Ann for a radio spot as band
songster.
  The Peach Pickers have a spry aggre-
gation, what with Jimmie Summey han-
dling the comedy and bass; Boots Harris
plunking the steel guitar; Jack Ford tak-
ing care of the rhythm guitar and vocal
chores; while Billv Simmons bangs on the
piano; Smokey Paul does the electric
take-off; and Curly Williams music-man-
ages the fiddle and mandolin for the
Peach Pickers.
c
DON’T EVER FALL IN LOVE
WITH A COWBOY and
NOTHIN’ IN MY LETTER BOX
by Dale Evans (RCA Victor)
  As you all know, Dale Evans is not
only Rov Rogers’ screen partner—she’s
his real-life wife, and plumb popular with
the fans of the King of the Cowboys she
is, too.
  That means that Dale Evans should
really know what she’s talking about when
she sings DON’T EVER FALL IN
LOVE WITH A COWBOY ‘'because
he’ll love his horse the best.” Dale hedges
a bit though, near the end of the record,
and says she doesn't exactly mean that
Trigger is edging her into second-best
place with her cowboy. But mean it or
not, she sure is fun to listen to on the
platter.
  Give the platter a twirl, and you’ll find
Dale singing in her straight-forward,
pleasing way that she’s wondering whv
there’s NOTHIN’ IN MY LETTER
BOX.
  Too much popularity—too many re-
Siests for personal appearances—made
ale and Roy Rogers decide not to go
to England. But so they wouldn’t feel so
                        See Lionel trains at
                        your favorite store.
LIONEL TRAINS
Ther'tt to REAL! They last a lifetime with rea-
sonable cm. They're fun and excitement for
Pather and Son. They poll real smoke and whistle
like real trains. See them at your local more.
Lionel Train sea priced u low » $15.95.
I Lionel Tiaini. P.O. Box 253	S
| Madison Squirt Station, New York 10, New York |
Son for | | encJom 10c. Please send me the new 40-page. |
40-page I	Uooel Trmio Catalog for 1949.
full color J n.
catalog t ^
             | CMf-
                                     -Um
AUTO
| BOOKS ON APPROVAL |
BEND NO MONEY. Just null the ooupoo
for a complete mi of i Blj, Think Ante
Books. 20th Edition. Over 2T00 Paieal
Whether you are a meohanlo or helpaf,
expert or apprentloe. auto owner or diirar,
iodlat* adrantase of thlj FREE
CAN YOU FIX IT?
These wonder books tell
step by step HOW to
make difficult repairs
and adjustments. now to
keep a car at maximum
efficiency, Including lat-
est Improvements In car
design and operstlon.
Engine trouble* and bow
to correct them well
covered.
 4 BIO. THICK VOLUMBS
 Over 2700 pages. 2000
 Illustrations, wiring dia-
 grams. etc. Beautiful
 modernistic.. washable
 cloth binding.
'£
toko lxnxai__... _________
EXAMINATION OFFER.
MAKE GOOD MONEY NOW
HOLD A PERMANENT JOB
_erlco waste Its automobile* kept
Sood repair. Men with “know how” are .
emaml. at big pay. These books will he. _
you get and hold an Important Job, or
give you a chance to go Into business for
yourself now or later. Any man who half
tries to Improve himself can learn auto
servicing and repelring by this Quick ref-
erence method. Use the JIFFY INDEX
to And easily understood answer to any
auto problem. These wonder books pre-
pared by eleven of America's great auto-
mobile engineers. Many hundreds of valu-
able Illustrations. Send the coupon TODAY.
[A year's consulting privileges wltb*|
our entlneers now given with I
theie books without extra charge.J ,
Publishera Since 1898
AMERICAN TECHNICAL SOCIKTY, Dept. A931
DreXel Ave. at BOth •*.. Chicago 37. III.
I would like to examine your 4-Volume Set of Auto Books. X will
pay the delivery charges only, but If I choose I may return them
express collect. If after 10 days' use I prefer to keep them, I will
send you $2 and pay the balance at the rate of only 03 a month
until 924.80 has been paid. Please Include consulting eervloe as
offered above.
Name...................................................
Address.................................................
City................................... State............
Please sttach letter stating: sge. occupstlon. employer's name and
addresa. and nsme snd sadress of at least one business man ae
reference. Men in service, slso plesse give home sddress.
93
 with a push
 buttons
$6-9°
■MS, CHRONOGRAPH
 WRIST WATCH
 Plus 60c Fed. Tax
 1 YIAR WRITTEN GUARANTEE
 AND INSTRUCTIONS
 (UEkl STAINLESS STEEL
 UlVCn EXPANSION BAND
 "Wonder” Watch. Used to time .autos, airplanes,
 bora* races, athletic events • Tachometer • Tel
 emoter • Hands * Nos. Glow In Dark • Unbreak-
 able Crystal • Larpe Red Sweep Hand • Tells
 Time • Measures Speed 6/ Distance • Stop Witch
 • rreclslon Made. SENT ON APPROVAL. Deposit
 *6.90 plus tax and pontage with postman or send
 money order, aavo postage. (Same money back
 privilege.)
 THE JEWELBOX, Dept. GB. 1674 Broadway, N. Y. 19, N.
How to Moke Money with
Simple Cartoons*
         A book everyone who likes to draw
         • Mould hXVB. It It
         free: no oblloatlon.
          Simply address
FREE
BOOK
V-ARTOONISTS' EXCHANGE
Deot. 4BI2_Pleasant Hill. Ohio
 PxecoUve Accnnnln
 Mi*anda of firi
                  ...... and C. P. A's earn $8,000 to $10,000 a year.
                  need them. We trwln yoo thoroly at heme In apnre
time Tor C,. P. A’* examination* or executive acconntlnsr position*.
(Various Mxperimce onnece»<**ry. Personal training under ■operTlwlon
91 ftefT of C. P. A's. Placement conn"«l end help. Write for If
nnok, "Arcounbtney. the Profession That Pays.”
LASALLE Extenaion University. 417 So. Dearborn St.
 A Correspondence Institution Oapt.i 2334-H. Chicago 5, III.
our success
BIG PROFITS - BIG DEMAND for qualified men in Held
Home Freezers. Washing Machines. Dishwashers. House wir-
ing. Auto electricity, etc. Learn at home — start your own
business. NO PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE NEEDED. Special
tools k equipment furnished. Earn while lesrning. Writ* for,
YOU* FREE SUCCESS PLAN - ACT NOW!
PACIFIC TRAINING SCHOOL Dept. R»ia
 _ios Angeles 3, California
 FR[l
 book
mm
 7217 South Broadway
INVENTORS
 Patent lawa encourage the development of inventions. Our firm
 is registered to practice before the U. S. Patent Office. Writ*
 for further particulars as to patent protection and procedure and
 "Invention Record” form at oncc. No obligation.
McMORROW, BERMAN & DAVIDSON
                    Registered Patent Attorneys
 150-A Victor Building	Washington 1, D. C.
    C3 ^ ISI
                     i’lean and Mothproof rugs and upholstery “la
                     the home or offl*e building". Patented equip-
                     ment. No 'shop needed. Duraclean Dealer's
                     ^ross profits up to $15 and $20 a day on
                     K.\<’H service man. These Nationally Adver-
                     tised services create repeat customers the year
                     ’round. Easy to learn. Quickly established.
                     Easy terms. Send today for FREE Booklet--
                     explaining full details. No obligation.
                       !ean Co., 9-67D Duraclean Bldg., Deerfield, III.
 Watch for this Popular Fic-
 tion Croup seal on every mag-
 azine you buy. It is your one
 sure guide to good reading
 always! ^
  _IS®)
94
 10 STORY WESTERN MAG AZINS
 bad, Roy and his hoss Trigger went down
 to the sidewalk in front of Grauman’s
 Chinese Theatre, where many other fa-
 mous film stars have left their mark in
 the cement, and signed their hand-and-
 hoof prints.
€L
SAGEBRUSH SWING
by Spade Cooley and his Orchestra
(Columbia)
   Did you know that it was the Boots
 and Saddle Club which first called Spade
 Cooley the King of Western Swing?
 Columbia now has brought out a collec-
 tion of eight of his sizzling sagebrush
 rhythms: Devil’s Dream and Yodelin-g
 Polka; Steel Guitar Rag and Cniv Bell
 Polka; Oklahoma Stomp and Shame on
 You; and Spadclla and Three Way
 Boogie—and they’re all high-spirited,
 zingy arrangements. It was Spade Cooley
 who brought a harp into a country orches-
 tra, and here he demonstrates to good ef-
 fect the sweeping runs on the strings, al-
 ways keeping the tunes vigorous and
 fresh. Most of you will keep these plat-
 ters spinning.
€L
I’M ONLY A SHOULDER TO
CRY ON and
WHY PRETEND
by Red Sovine (MGM)
    Red Sovine is a comparative tenderfoot
 among the folk singers, but already his
 steel guitar has gotten a lot of favorable
 'notice. And here, when he sings I’M
ONLY A SHOULDER TO CRY ON
“so why should I waste my love on you ?”
Red Sovine has a quiet instrumental back-
ground to accompany his straight-from-
the-heart song-stvling.
    The other side of the coupling is just
 as effectively chanted in an easy, relaxed
 vein by Red Sovine. It’s the familiar but
 never old story of a cowpuncher who
 realizes that "vou don’t love me anymore,
 so” WHY PRETEND.
RECORD WRANGLING
C
I WISH I HAD A NICKEL and
TWO CENTS, THREE EGGS AND
A POSTCARD
by Red Foley (Decca)
   Last month we told you about Jimmy
 Wakely's rendition of I WISH I HAD
 A NICKEL. It’s a song we like a lot, and
 Red Foley now puts across his own inim-
 itable version of it in strong fashion.
    He's got a really intriguing title on the
 pairing, and gets across his lilting message
 —TWO CENTS, THREE CENTS
 AND A POSTCARD—with plenty of
 impact. Especially so as far as the refrain
 goes. You'll find it easy to remember.
«L
I’M TIRED and
PRECIOUS LORD
by The Harmonizing Four (MGM)
   The Harmonizing Four are a new and
 smoothly harmonizing quartet who know
 how to put across these traditional re-
 ligious numbers in a purely beautiful ren-
 dition. The foursome’s blend of voices is
 ingratiating and they build the spiritual
 I'M TIRED to a vital climax.
The second half of the release is just as
Eood with a contrast in mood. PRE-
VIOUS LORD is slow and solemn, and
the Harmonizing Four sustain the atmos-
phere perfectly, with a top-caliber per-
formance.
«L
HEAVEN IS MY HOME and
COMMUNITY CHURCH YARD
by The Red Teague Trio (Bibletone)
    Mountaineers and Southern folk should
 really go for both sides of this recording.
 HEAVEN IS MY HOME is enthusiasti-
 cally harmonized, while the rhythmic
 meeting song called COMMUNITY
 CHURCH YARD has a real catchy fla-
 vor that the Red Teague Trio vigorously
 get* across.
SELL
NYLONS
GUARANTEED
AGAINST
RUNS!
 AmuUf guarantee tlvn FREE Rylone II
 tin* ran* or taaea within gaarantae
 period to 3 montbal All welghte. tin*
 ate. Including ihtiml IS dealer. Not
 ■old In atorea. Nationally advertlaed la
 Ufa, Ladiaa Home Journal. Saturday
 Evening Poat. McCalla. Women'a Horn*
 Companion. Awarded Seal ot Approval by
 Good Houaekeeplng. Alao completa line
 ot mea’a fine hoilery guaranteed ONE
 FULL YEAR or replaced FREEI No
 moaey or experience needed to earn big.
 ateady Income writing ordara Kara or
 lull tine. We deliver and eolleot. Ad-
 vanoa amah plua huge bonua. Ceeiplete
 money.maklng aalea outflta FREE aad
 prepaid. No obligation. Rue* naaae tel
 «i»u coarm. Baboon, w. m. v.
n tl coM
spiff III srfill
, aUmt «tt
■M5L
Here’s «i l»rol il.ilJle
BUSINESS JFM2EE
MON£YMAK/Nt OPPORTUNITY FORYO0
WITHOUT IHYeSmtKTS
H. mm.rf,...	to - — L~J 0~hm Im'
 UtRM Wvt
nn
m
.1
QUO. MASTR OAMUNT COw Dept. 126
      Ugaaler.
STOPS /^OOGy WINDSHIELDS
NEW Chemical Mitt
FOR AGENT*! '
 pChMtu oo„ 1444 Bar I
DONTK™
May C*mM Tiflrthm
  KHPITTI
OfSmorf
edaaora ore obo dowQoeoira and
ImprocHcobfo. No belter way *o
romove ban from nose andean
tboa wirt. KUPfTTf. Smooab.
g*-nlJe, eofc, effioenl. Boueided
poinH ccnt cut or prick akin.
 HOLLIS~CO.”d^_Bru«m Street. Newark S. H. J. *
 EncbMd n 1100 te. KLTrm. II«m ■■*rrf> agfcdijla
 •M* 10 dayi ho eM.
.Ad**M___
“Saved my Life
A God-aend for GAS-HEARTBURN”
When excess stomach acid causes painful, suffocating gas,
sour stomach and heartburn, doctors usually prescribe the fast-
est-acting medicinea known for symptomatic relief—medicines
lik« those in Bell-ans Tablets. No laxative. Bell-ans bring com-
fort in a jiffy or return bottle to us for double money back. ©
BELL-ANS for Acid Indigestion 25c
IF I Sand YOU I
HIS FINE SUIT-I
  I Wni You Wea r It and S ho w 11 to Friends?
   I DMd a re I (ah I* man to your town to seta fine. made-tn-
   mware. aJI-wool suit withoat paying ouh, bat by tak-
   ing a few orders from friend*. Wear it—show It—to heli>
   yoa take more order* with my line of over lOOruaran*
   teed quality fabrics. You can make op to 112.00 in a day
   withoat experience or inreotment. I supply everythin*
 STUDY AT HOME for Business Success
 and LARGER PERSONAL EARN-
 INGS. 40 years expert instruction—over
 114,000 students enrolled. LL.B. Degree
 awarded. All text material furnished.
 Easy payment plan. Send for FREE
 BOOK—“Law and Executive Guid-
 ance”—NOW I [G. I. Approved.]
 EXTENSION SCHOOL OF LAW
  646 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago 11, Illinois
AMERICAN
D«pt. 21 -B,
HOW TO MAKE MONEY IN PLASTICS
Learn Plastics at home. !n spare time. You set 7 Big Plastica
Material KITS with training course. Make useful, valuable
articles as you learn. Send today for free illustrated catalog.
Plastics Industries Technical Institute
Dept, of West Coast University
1601 S. Western Ave., Depf. POF-129, Los Angeles 6, Calif.
  High School Course
   at Home
                      Many Finish in 2 Years
I Go u raptdly as vonr time and abilitica permit. Coo
equi valent to resident school work — prepares for college
r—*—--------« * *-----p»»-»---
r
 I entrance exams. Standard H. S. texta eu
 I Credit for H. 8. ■abject* already completed.
 | deaired. Blfh •«’
 I la business I
lied. Diploma.
-------- —. ~.	wJnffle nabject* If
 deaired. High tohool oducatton I* rery important for advancement
 to business and Induatry and socially. Don’t be handicapped all
 Kee DuSUtfc*-H Scboo* Sjadoate. Start yoor training now.
ob roquaet. No obligation.
      AmwlcanSctiool, Dapt HS49. Dranil at58th, Chicago37
   TBA1M
                        I
Results GUARANTEED
1 STRENGTHEN yoor voice thla tested, toimtifie
       Yes—yoa csn now ha lid yoarself a POWKREUL speak-
       or singing roles In the prlrscy of yoor own room. Silent
       ae»j-training leaaons: no musle or piano required. Just aend
       year Dims ror sensational details of thia am*tin* coarse. I’ll
       tend yoa FREE a vocal mechanism chart. State your ace.
       I Voice Institute, 1141 S. Wabash Ave., StudioM-8, Chicago 5, III.
Get Well
QUICKER
    From Your Cough
    Duo to a Cold
P ffi I FV'Q Kon*y*Tar
   *	w Wm I O Cough Compound
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
«L
TENNESSEE YODEL POLKA and
SWISS LULLABY
by Rosalie Allen and Elton Britt with
the Sky toppers (RCA Victor)
  Dueting Rosalie Allen and Elton Britt
pair up for a warbling and yodeling spree
in TENNESSEE YODEL POLKA, and
this hillbilly duet is just their meat—espe-
cially since Rosalie Allen is known as the
Queen of the Yodelers.
  With the reverse side, the duo turn to
a more soothing type of yodel-harmony
to sing, appropriately, a SWISS LULLA- •
BY. It’s the kind of thing ar.y button
would be delighted to hear, for Rosalie
Allen and Elton Britt make a double-
barreled team as they describe two little
blue eyes peeping up from the crib.
«.
TENNESSEE BOOGIE and
A DRUNKARD’S CONFESSION
by Zeb Turner (King)
  The resonant-voiced Zeb Turner war-
bles the easy-going but strongly moving
back-hills TENNESEE BOOGIE. Com-
plemented by a well played steel guitar,
this recording should find some appreci-
ative listeners.
  On the flipover, there’s a nice change
of mood as Zeb Turner sings in fine vocal
form the sincere yarn of A DRUNK-
ARD'S CONFESSION. There's a real
point to this sad tale, but it’s made with-
out an excess of preaching.
* * *
  It docs us a lot of good to shuck our
worries, to pull up awhile and spin the
breeze with you folks. That’s why we
want to he sure we're doing right by your
favorite cowboy crooners. So don’t for-
get to let us know if there’s some West-
ern songster you want to hear more about.
  Send your letters to:
 Record Wrangling, c/o Ten Story
Western, Popular Publications, 205 East
42nd Street, New York 17, New York.
  Adios for now, pardners.
TROUBLE RIDES FROM TEXAS!
          (Continued from page 34)
breathless hush fell. Sonny Tate’s gusty
breathing indicated that he was mortally
wounded. Will Tracey and Dade were
hard hit.
  Slowly Davy Mather bolstered his six-
shooter, watching Eben’s pale face when
he came to stand in the door of the bank.
Jason's booming voice readied out to him,
wildly exultant, idled with pride. “It was
our Davv that stopped them. Eben!”
  “Davy?” said Eben. bewildered, shak-
en. He looked from Jason to the slim fig-
ure with the gun-belt on the sidewalk.
“Why—why, he must be the Cimarron
Kid.”
  “That was back 011 the Texas cattle
trails,” Davy said in a voice that held
quiet rebuke. “The name is Davy
Mather.”
          (Continued from page 59)
had a notion to carve their initials, at least
his own and Jo’s, on the tree for all to see,
but he knew how Yorey felt about her and
didn't want to rub it in.
  Yorey fussed and fidgeted, and finally
spoke again. “I still got something on my
mind,” he announced.
  “Well, 1 want to ask you to come back
to Texas. I'll be proud to call you neigh-
bor, and I'll shoot the ears offn anybody
who offends you.”
  Tott gulped and blinked his eyes, and
couldn't say anything.
  “And when you and Jo get married—”
Bub Yorey gulped now, too, but he went
through with it “—we'll put on the biggest
bailie ever seen in those part.”
  “Slop it, Bub.” Jo breathed with a wild
look. “Stop it.”
  Yorey grabbed her arm indignantly.
“Don't tell me you turned him down just
because he’s a Yankee, after all that
dreamy-eyed lookin’ you’ve been doin’.”
“He—he hasn’t asked me,” Jo
breathed.
  “Oh, my!” Yorey muttered, clapping
his hand to his mouth. “Ain’t I previous
with my big mouth.”
  “A little,” Tott told him. “Only a little.
Now go somewhere.”
  “Okay, blue-nose!” Yorey answered,
and rode off.
THE END
CATS PAW
ftubber\\ £ £ LS &SoU
fl St S T MADE”
MAKE EXTRA MONEY
Balld Steady Rapa at Busina aa
Mo Imabmil — Na
UNION LABEL BOOK MATCHES
               direst from America'* UinM Exclusive
union Label Book Matcb Manufacturers.
We feature PETTY Glamour Girls, See*
nlcs. handsome Dog series and NEW AD-
, DISPLAY DOUBLE BOOK MATCHES.
Make BIO PROFIT QUICK. Write To-
day for SPECIAL OFFER ana FREE
POWERHOUSE Bolling kit.
        __SUPERIOR MATCH CO.
               Dapt. S-129, 7»2S S. Swmwoo*. Cfcl.ua
SELL
 UHIOH
 •OOK
mzmzm
   ick relief with Dent'i Uia Dent'* Tooth
   Cum of Dent'* Tooth Drop* for cavtty tooth-
   aches. U*a Dent'i Dental Poultice for pain or
   sorenea in gums or taeth. At all drug stores.
J	TOOTH GUM
#	TOOTH DROPS
DENT’S
 DENTAL POUITKF
Free Book
 MOUNT BIRDS, ANIMALS, FISH
  I". r*KK. Inliki TuUmr. Tall, how to
  farfTM bMk aontajatn«tOO wmtom ptotenc Btat* AGB.
 HW.MmoI dToMraqr, ft—i.42iaTOMMl». N*to.
 PSORIASIS
   Now treated
   with internal
   medication
For several years a number of doctors have reported 1
success In treating Psoriasis with LIPAN—a new medic
wonder taken internally. LI PAN Is a combination of glandular
substances that treat certain Internal disorders which many
medical men now agree to be the cause of Psoriasis. Clinical
results show LIPAN successful in over 80% cases treated.
Kveo stubborn lesions are alleviated to a degree almost beyond
belief. AbioluUly harmlets! Ask your druggist for LIPAN, or
write direct for free booklet. Or send for month's supply
(180 tablets), enclosing check or money order for $8.50.
SPIRT & COMPANY, Dept. PP-12, Waterbary, Connecticut
97
locksmithing and key making
10 STORY WESTERN MAGAZINE
 PRACTICAL UP-TO-DATE COURSE
 How to pick locks, de-code, make master-
 keys, install, scrvice. etc. New. self-in-
 struction lessons for every handyman,
 home-ownor, carpenter, mechanic,
 service station operator, fix-it shop,
 hardware dealer, gunsmith, cycle-shop.
^ ^ Goodsteadymoney-
| making tradel
33 EASY ILLUSTRATED LESSONS
 Full price only S3.93, nothin? mot* to pay.
 Satisfaction or your money back. Fill In coupon
 at bottom of pas:* and mall today.
----------- —
139 S. Wabash Ave.
 KELSON-HALL CO.
 Chicago B. lit.
watch and clock repairing
   LEAfiN AT HOME—IN YOUR SPARE TIME
 Prepare now for a happy future of pros-
 perity. security. Fascinating high-grade
 occupation for men of almost any age
 or physical condition. You can earn
 ' 'le you learn.
 PRACTICAL COURSE |N HOROLOGY How-to-
    It Isssons for beginners as well as those
    already In the trade. Thorough self-in-
    struction training In American and Swisa
    watches, clocks. Contains » wealth of
    helpful photos. drawings. diagrams,
    charts, etc. Only $4.95 for everything,
    complete. Satisfaction or refund guaran-
    teed. Mall no-risk coupon below.
 practical RADIO servicing
 SELF-INSTRUCTION COURSE Teaches you
 the practical nlde of radio . . . repair, adjust-
 ment. operation, alteration, trouble-shooting.
 No previous knowledge necessary. Prepare to
 act up a shop of your own—or train for the big
 industrial electronics field. Simplified lessons.
 Including msthematlcs. review questions, prob-
 lems. answers. Up-to-date? Only S3.95. com-
 y-hack guaraptoe- Use coupon bcloww
 plete. Money
REAL ESTATE BUSINESS
                        The foundation of all wealth is land! Train your-
 self for s career In thla booming profession. Kjre
 Is the Information you need on how to set started
 and liow to set ahead in real estate. Inclodes In-
 structions In apprsissls. valuations, manasement.
 Investments, practical real estate operating, *ow
 cos* housing, the Isw on real estate transactions in-
 eluding leral form., cM-.ulMnuiuhlp. and mur othfx.ubJ.cU a
 ful real estate man must know. Strictly up-to-date. Complete, only S6.9S.
 Money-back guarantor. Use No-Risk conpon below.
£
tyort'&ff Maf/emaf/e.
COMBINtD WITH
Pracfica! Mechanics Sfmp/t/ieJ
 Be a "master mind." Learn how to Juggle figures,
 do baffling tricks with numbers. Add long columns
 of figures this lightning-quick, short-cut way. Mul-
 ti nlv 4 figures bv 4 figures without old-fashioned
 1 uitlpllcatlon. Here---«v».,em*
iser
......uul KiU'iianiuiKii
.____speedy, simplified systems
stage '‘wlssrds. expert accountants
 usru uy
 glneers. Only Sl-49. -
 problems, answers. Mstl
' expert accountants. en-
■ae Includes IIlustrations,
coupon belr *
          COMPLETE BLUEPRINT READING COURSK
                Interesting, simplified self-lnalructlon lessons for build-
                ers, mechanics, electricians, plumbers, welders, carpen-
                ters. automotive & aviation workers, etc. 24 volumes
                include over 600 actual blueprints, dlagrama, other
                instructive step-by-step pictures. Unusual bargain for
                any practical man. Complete, only SS.9S, postpaid.
                Satisfaction or refund. Coupon below.
       BUILD IT YOURSELF
 Be a practical handyman. Save lime ;«nd money
 with these professional Trlck.i-of-the-T'rade. Car-
 pentry made e.•».*>• i New ner-lm-tr:ic.tlnn course k>
 «n«* handy volume, complete with full page pho-
 tographs. diagrams, cte. Teaches woodworking,
 painting. A. decorating, upholstering, power tool a,
 cabinet making, eic. Full price only $1.98.
 Money-back Gmirsr.i*'". Mali coupon today I
 : _£\5.'I_Th's No-Risk Coupon—Quick Action! jj
 I NELSON-HALlTo.. msiT. W«ba«iT*ir,'oepTfr5. Chicago S, ill. I
 I
1 ~ ................................................ I
B Address............................................. |
  Please rush me the items I ain checking below. It is under- a
  stood that if I am not lOG*;. satisfied 1 will send the material
  bi*e|c wiih'n IO days and you will make full Immediate refund#
  without question or quibble.
        V/atcli & Clock Rera’rlnr............$4.99
         LocK-mltbinc A t'.ey Ma'dng........ 3.99
         Practical Radio Sc-vicing .......... 3.9S
     neal	business .............. 6.95
       ^orf-Cul Mathematics ............. 1.49
         Blueprint Reading’ Course........... 6.93
      Build 't Yourself.................. 1.99
          Apartn*.«/i| House Management........ 3.95
        Jewelers’ CrcycJonedla ............ 1.69
         How te Sell Mfi insurance.......... 6.95
        Complete Shorthand Courso..........4.93
 □	I enclose 6...............in full payment. Ship postpaid. I
 □	Ship COD for $..........plus postage and COD charges. |
Name............................................... B
          (Continued from page 65)
 handled six of his and shot Lafe in th«
 back. Right, Mel?”
   Something in his voice must have gone
 wrong. Kole vaulted out of the barber’s
 chair, towels flying. "You son—” he
 gasped.
   Johnny stood up. He rasped out, “You
 forgot that Ace Prackett won not only
 every cent of mine that night, but he won
 my watch and my horn-handled Colt,
 too!”
   It sank in. Sheriff Beri Jenks had been
 about to draw, but his hand stopped in
 mid-air. Kole’s face was a twisted mask
 of fury, and his hand was slashing for his
 Colt. He yanked, thumbed hammer on the
 throw.
   Johnny was half-paralyzed. If'he killed
 the man, his excuse would sound thin. It
 was then that he saw Close-Cut. Pete’s
 hand reach out, light flashing off the open
 razor.
   A second or so later blood was spurting,
 Kole’s six bouncing to the floor. “You’ve
 cut me!” Kole screamed.
   “Tell them, Kole!” Johnny yelled.
 “Tell how you lied when you said I killed
 Lafe. Tell them I couldn’t have done it.
 Ace Prackett had my hom-handle gun. I
 left town that night unarmed and you
 know it!”
   The spurting blood left Kole’s face
 blanched white. He clutched his slashed
 wrist, and nodded yes to Johnny’s ac-
 cusation.
   Suddenly the gush of blood had taken
 all the fight out of him.
   Ben Jenks cleared his throat. “Reckon
 wc owe yuh an apology, Johnny.” He
 scratched his head and muttered, “Easy
 Johnny Tighe.”
   Close-Cut Pete grinned and pumped
 Johnny's hand. “You’re wrong, Ben.
 Easy Johnny left town two years ago. He
 won’t come back, I don't believe. Meet
 John Tighe!”
   John Tighe grinned back at him. Maybe,
 lie thought. Maybe, he thought. Maybe
 Easy Johnny was gone. But there was a
 girl out on Big Eight that believed in Easy
 Johnny. Or maybe she had seen in the
 harum-scarum kid the makings of a man.
 The makings of John Tighe.
/
SEND f°r
fRtt
FAC1S
   with°ot
   risking
   a penny*
WEAR STERLING SILVER "ClUSSLC”
FOR BETTER HEARING
This revolutionary new hearing aid brings you clear,
untroubled hearing through its exclusive new Microtone
SOUND-SCREEN. In addition, with the perfection of
the exclusive CAT-CELL, hearing aid battery expense
and bother are reduced to next to nothing, because the
MICRO-MIZER, furnished with each “CLASSIC”,
recharges the “A” battery while you sleep. The
CAT-CELL is guaranteed for a full year. Start
enjoying real living and real hearing now. Mail
coupon direct to Microtone headquarters for
prompt attention.
THE MICROTONE COMPANY
DEPT. J-l0, FORD PARKWAY ON THE MISSISSIPPI • ST. PAUL 1, MINNESOTA
     Please send me all the facts
 about the New"Classic" Hearing Aid
 and the Revolutionary "Cat-Cell".
 No obligation.
 Nomt_
 Address.
City-
 _Slale_
PntnUit /» ffrt IT”<hx/»
i i	rillnJM n«
   vyneres room to grow in (janada Tin/imtted
ft
                       Frorr the colorful Orient, to England's busy Ports, Canada's ships travel
             the neat;, laden with products of Canadian soil and Canadian craftsmanship.
In the short span of 18 years, the value of products exported has increased by
one and a half billion dollars. This growth has been great, and it will l>e
greater still. Yes—there’s room to grow in Canada Unlimited.
r\
Wi > Just how much room is told in "canada unlimited", an
illustrated 1-14-page book published by the O'Keefe Founda-
•*	lion. You may obtain your copy by sending 25c in cash (no
            stamps or cheques, please) to ‘‘Canada Unlimited”. Dept.
B", O'Keefe House, Toronto, Ontario. Please print your name and
iddreas clearly. All monies received will be donated to The Canadian
Citizenship Council. *
"A council of service, welfare, lubour, fraternal and other organizations
whose aim is to acquaint new Canadians with the opportunities offered by
democratic citizenship in Canada.
8RCWING COMPANY lIMIIfD
 fioo