50 Detective Story Magazine tersign followed, and the Black Star's orders; and then Riley advanced upon the defiant Muggs, waited until he was in the proper position, and whirled to level his weapon at the Black Star, and to tear off his mask. He heard the gasps of relief and joy from Verbeck and Muggs, but did not glance toward them again. Riley's eyes were blazing into those of the master criminal, and he was watching for the Black Star to make a move. CHAPTER V. BLACK STAR TAKES A TRICK. SILENCE for a moment, and then Riley spoke in a tense voice, and swiftly: "Careful! Move hand or foot, and I'll fire! I'm not taking any chances with you, Mr. Black Star!" A chuckle came from behind the mask, and the peculiar staccato voice of the master criminal answered him. "Detective Riley, as I live! Very clever of you--very! And threatening, of course. Violence--always violence instead of wit and strategy!" "Keep those hands up!" Riley com- manded. "Don't move an inch! I'd as soon shoot you as not; but I guess we'll take you down to the station in- stead. And you'll not escape this time, either!" "Do you really think you have me?" the Black Star asked. "You expect to take me from my own headquarters to a filthy jail?" "Never mind the talk! Muggs, can you hobble over here beside me, so I can untie your hands and watch this chap at the same time? Then you can release Verbeck, and we'll play the rest of the evening's game in our own fashion." The Black Star laughed aloud as Muggs stood up and started to hop like a toad to the detective's side. Riley's glance did not waver; he held the auto- matic steady, and his eyes never left the Black Star's mask. Muggs stopped beside him. Riley put down his left hand and fumbled until he found Muggs' wrists, and then, still watching the master crook, he be- gan working at the knots. "You are a very courageous man, Mr. Riley," the Black Star said. "You cannot guess what may happen in a situation like this. Perhaps the floor will fall from under you, as it did with Mr. Verbeck once, and let you down into a pit. You may turn to find half a dozen of my good friends at your back, ready to seize you--" "Don't worry about me turning! I'm keeping my eyes on you!" Riley snarled. "Try something new." "Something new--something clever?" the Black Star said, his tone sarcastic. "Let me think! I might extinguish the light, so we could fight it out in the dark--but still, that is not new. You'll notice the room is illuminated by only one lamp, which stands on the table beside me." "I'm not looking at lamps--I'm watching you!" Riley replied. The knots were proving difficult to untie with one hand, but Riley kept working at them without looking down. If he could get Muggs' hands free, Muggs could untie his feet and release Verbeck. They could bind and gag the Black Star, Verbeck could don his robe and mask, and they could capture, one by one, such of the band as came to re- port or receive orders. "Those are excellent knots," the Black Star observed. "At some future time I'll be glad to teach you how to tie them. Don't you think this comedy has gone quite far enough?" "If this is your idea of a comedy, you'll be liable to change your mind be- fore long!" Riley said. "I am interested to know how you got inside, and how you knew what 