The Yellow Claw 7 ing through his monocle, "on the con- trary, you misconstrue me! I did not intend to imply--to insinuate-" "My dear Exel!" broke in Doctor Cumberly. "Leroux is perfectly well aware that you intended nothing un- kindly. But the poor chap, quite natu- rally, is distraught at the moment. You must understand that, man!" "I understand; and I am sorry," said Exel, casting a sidelong glance at the body. "Of course, it is a delicate sub- ject. No doubt Leroux can ex- plain." "Damn your explanation!" shrieked Leroux hysterically. "I cannot ex- plain! If I could explain, I-" "Leroux!" said Cumberly, placing his arm paternally about the shaking man. "You are such a nervous subject. Do make an effort, old fellow. Pull your- self together. Exel does not know the circumstances-" "I am curious to learn them," said the M. P. icily. Leroux was about to launch some angry retort, but Cumberly forced him into the chesterfield, and, crossing to a bureau, poured out a stiff peg of brandy from a decanter which stood there. Le- roux sank upon the chesterfield, rub- bing his fingers up and down his palms with a curious nervous movement, and glancing at the dead woman and at Exel alternately in a mechanical, reg- ular fashion, pathetic to behold. Mr. Exel, tapping his boot with the head of his inverted Cane, was staring fixedly at the doctor. "Here you are, Leroux," said Cum- berly ; "drink this up, and let us arrange our facts in decent order before we start to-" "Phone for the police?" concluded Exel, his gaze upon the last speaker. Leroux drank the brandy at a gulp and put down the glass upon a little Persian coffee table with a hand which he had somehow contrived to steady. "You are keen on the official form, Exel?" he said, with a wry smile. "Please accept my apology for my re- cent--er--outburst, but picture this thing happening in your place!" "I cannot," declared Exel bluntly. "You lack imagination," said Cum- berly. "Take a whisky and soda, and help me to search the flat." "Search the flat!" The physician raised a forefinger forensically. "Since you, Exel, if not actually in the building, must certainly have been within sight of the street entrance at the moment of the crime, and since Le- roux and I descended the stair and met you on the landing, it is reasonable to suppose that the assassin can only be in one place--here!" "Here!" cried Exel and Leroux to- gether. "Did you see any one leave the lower hall as you entered?" "No one; emphatically, there was no one there!" "Then I am right." "Good heavens!" whispered Exel, glancing about him, with a new and keen apprehensiveness. "Take your drink," concluded Cum- berly, "and join me in my search." "Thanks," replied Exel, nervously proffering a cigar case; "but I won't drink." "As you wish," said the doctor, who thus, in his masterful way, acted the host; "and I won't smoke. But do you light up." "Later," muttered Exel; "later. Let us search, first." Leroux stood up; Cumberly forced him back. "Stay where you are, Leroux; it is elementary strategy to operate from a fixed base. This study shall be the base. Ready, Exel ?" Exel nodded, and the search com- menced. Leroux sat rigidly upon the settee, his hands resting upon his knees, watching and listening. Save for the 