Two--Not of a Kind 33 Cobb would some time make public his relationship to his son. He never had. Indeed, for seven years, the time of his last sentence, he had not even writ- ten to the younger Cobb. The last thing that the son expected, and the greatest evil which he had dreaded was a visit from his father. "He's a customer," said Jenifer, eying suspiciously the boy who had brought in the message. "Happens to have my name. Suppose I'll have to see him. Show him in." When face to face, the difference be- tween father and son would have made an absorbing study for a student of heredity. Of course, the clothing was vastly different, proving tastes which were as opposed as possible. The elder Cobb's overshort coat and too tight trousers, of some solid gray material, were glean and neat, as was his stout flannel shirt, but this might have been the holiday attire of a longshoreman or ironworker. And the blunt, bull- dog chin and square cheeks, with low cheek bones, had bequeathed to the son only a hint of their shape, ironness, and brutism. The visitor did not take the seat which the son offered. "Suppose we come right down to brass tacks," said Jenifer. "I didn't think you'd honor me with a visit. Came right West, did you? From-- yes--New York." "You're on," growled Cobb, senior. There were some moments of silence, while the keen eyes of the visi- tor seemed to take in everything, from his son's immaculate tweed clothing and the heavy gold band around the fore- finger of one white hand, to the ma- hogany of the room's furnishings. At length Jenifer ventured: "Maybe the time has come when you expect me to pay back a part of-" "Cut that hand-out stuff!" grunted the other. "Pay back nothing. I'm here on biz. Cold biz." The son had lifted himself to his feet behind the broad desk. He rested the white hands on the polished surface. "I don't get your meaning. Really, as you must know, there can be no busi- ness between us. If it is a matter of money which you feel you ought to have--to reimburse you-" The other raised a muscular, red hand. His face was filled with such anger that Jenifer's words ended ab- ruptly. "It's a story," grunted Cobb, senior, sternly. "Get me? A story. It's God's truth. Back in the marshes of Long Island--you know 'em--you were there as a boy. Nobody knows 'em better. Back there, in the tangle, is a lot. You git wet to your knees wading to the stakes. I've been there. The nearest road is miles and miles away. It isn't good for nothing. It's good just to raise taxes. It ain't good for raising nothing but taxes--chickweed wouldn't grow on it. If you chucked in a ten- ner with it you couldn't' unload it on a local land man. That's the shape of the deal you've been setting your smut fly paper to catch your flies with. That's the deal as has pushed you that, and that, and that, and all these!" The blunt, red forefinger had pointed in turn to the tweed coat, the spangled necktie, and the trousers of the man behind the desk, before the finger swept a circle which was intended to include the whole periphery of the son's life. "Say!" broke in Cobb, junior. "Doesn't it make you feel a little funny to come here and go on the way you've been spouting--when-" The other savagely interrupted his growl. "You mean when I've just served out a term in the pen--that's what you mean. Huh! How did I git the last? You know. Chanced it at a safe with the dynamite! And a barker in my clothes! If five bulls hadn't cornered me, I'd have made a 3A DS 