Black Star's Subterfuge 43 and Muggs were sent away again, they would go unconscious, as they had come. "This headquarters is a great im- provement over the old one," the Black Star said. "I really ought to thank you, Mr. Verbeck, for driving me out of the other. Allow me, Mr. Verbeck, to remove the gag." He went forward and removed it, and unlashed Verbeck from the chair. Then he helped him hop across the room and caused him to sit down beside Muggs. "That is much better," he said. "I may mention that it will do you no good to shriek or screech or howl for assistance. The place we are in- Ah!" A bell had tinkled. Muggs strug- gled and managed to sit up on the couch beside Verbeck. Both of them remembered about that other head- quarters. There bells had tinkled, and members of the Black Star's band of criminals had entered to make reports or receive orders. Gowns and masks-- and conversations carried out on black- boards. Yes--there were the black- boards! "A friend is coming, gentlemen," the Black Star said. "I request that you remain on the couch and keep silent. You cannot tell what may happen if you try to leave the couch." The Black Star chuckled and disap- peared through a small door. Again a bell tinkled. Another door, on the op- posite side of the room, opened, and there entered another man clad in black robe and mask, save that no star of jet flamed on the hood of the robe. He started forward in surprise when he observed Muggs seated upon the couch beside Verbeck, but checked himself and did not speak. Neither did Verbeck speak, for he was busy spec- ulating as to the newcomer's height and weight, watching every movement he made, trying to fasten upon something that would enable him to recognize the man if they met again elsewhere. Muggs, however, refused to remain silent. "Good evening," he said. "The boss is out just now. Anything I can do for you? Got a few diamonds or any- thing like that you've pinched to-day?'' The smaller door opened and the Black Star entered the room. He went immediately to one of the little black- boards on the wall, picked up a piece of chalk, and wrote quickly: "Muggs! Silence, as I instructed, or--" Then he turned and exhibited to Muggs a weapon. Verbeck supposed it to be an ordinary revolver, but Muggs, who had passed through an experience that evening, guessed that it held no bul- lets, but the pungent vapor that had caused his downfall in the taxicab. Muggs became silent. He did not wish to be put to sleep while Roger Verbeck was there and might soon need help. The Black Star motioned his man to the second blackboard. "No. 7," the man wrote. "Countersign ?" the Black Star de- manded on his board. "Georgia." "Report." The other turned his back and wrote rapidly and at length. Muggs and Ver- beck bent forward on the couch and peered across the room. Was it pos- sible, Verbeck wondered, that the Black Star was going to allow them to read the blackboard conversation, and then let them go back to the Verbeck house with whatever information they had ac- quired? The message was done; the man stepped back. Verbeck and Muggs read what he had written as the Black Star read it: "Our man goes on duty to-night. Burglar alarms have been fixed. At two in the morning, policeman on beat always stops in restaurant for coffee, as 