A Rustic Rival 77 "You bet; I noticed them right away," replied Fairman, with an em- phatic nod. "The tracks show that the wagon must have grazed one of the gateposts, and that the horse had strayed about the yard before coming to a halt. I can swear that there was nobody in the wagon when it came into this yard." "As to the crime having been com- mitted elsewhere," said Nick, "what do you say to this?" He pointed to a broken bottle on the floor. It had been a large and heavy bottle. The bottom of it, and a few fragments, lay near those bloodstains which were farthest from the coat. The neck of the bottle was some distance away, in a corner. Nick picked up the bottom of the bottle and showed a faint stain of blood upon a ragged edge of the glass. Fairman was staggered. "It looks as if he had been knocked down with that bottle," he admitted. "Perhaps I was wrong. In that case, the body was certainly carried away in the wagon." "You noticed that a piece had been torn out of the lining of the coat?" "Yes; but that might have been done long ago." "I do not think so," said Nick; and he proceeded to tear out another piece. The first had been a strip about two inches wide and a foot long. Nick put into his pocket that which he had torn off. "The murderer probably used that to wipe his hands on," commented Fair- man. Nick made no reply. He was scan- ning the stable floor closely. At last he walked toward a small and rough door which opened from the rear of the stable. "Here are more bloodstains," he said. We approached just as Nick opened the door. There were stains upon the threshold, though they were very faint, scarcely perceptible, in fact. The prin- cipal one was nearly round, and some- what smaller than a watch. "Let's see what we can find in this direction," said Nick, leading the way into a little garden behind the stable. "Here are a man's tracks!" exclaimed Fairman. "They're not Bennett's; they're too small. He had enormous feet." "You'll find several men's tracks if you look closely," remarked Nick. "The searching party seems to have been out here." There was a path leading toward a field. The ground was very soft, and footprints could be easily traced. There was one line of them that was plainly visible. It led along the path. I made out that he who had made those footprints had been running rapidly. Considering the ease with which they could be seen, I was surprised to ob- serve the extreme caution with which Nick proceeded. After he had gone about fifty yards, however, he went on with more confi- dence. We passed into the field, which was partly overgrown with grass, and partly bare. Crossing this, we came to a fringe of trees. Here Nick made quite an ex- tended search. He went down to the bank of a brook which flowed beyond the trees, and I followed him, but I saw no tracks there. Then we returned; and presently Nick found what he was seeking. It was a box made of tinned iron. There had been a padlock on it, but it had been wrenched away. The box was empty. "You've tracked the thief," said Fair- man, in envious admiration. "That's Bennett's cash box. beyond a doubt." Nick said nothing. He began to walk rapidly back toward the stable. When he reached the little door he paused for a moment, and, naturally, Fairman and I came to a halt. The schoolmaster turned about, and set his 