20 Detective Story Magazine upstanding, black hair. This was De- tective Sergeant Sowerby,.and the same who was engaged in examining a news- paper in the study of Henry Leroux when Doctor Cumberly and his daugh- ter had paid their second visit to that scene of an unhappy soul's dismissal. "Well?" said Dunbar, glancing up at his subordinate inquiringly. "I have done all the cab depots," re- ported Sergeant Sowerby, "and a good many of the private owners; but so far the man seen by Mr. Exel has not turned up.'' "The word will be passed round now, though," said Dunbar, "and we shall probably have him here during the day." "I hope so," said the other good- humoredly, seating himself upon one of the two chairs ranged beside the wall. "If he doesn't show up-" "Well?" jerked Dunbar. "If he doesn't ?" "It will look very black against Le- roux." Dunbar drummed upon the blotting pad with the lingers of his left hand. "It beats anything of the kind that has ever come my way," he confessed. "You get pretty cautious at weighing people up, in this business; but I cer- ' tainly don't think--mind you, I go no further--but I certainly don't think Mr. Henry Leroux would willingly kill a fly; yet there is circumstantial evidence enough to hang him." Sergeant Sowerby nodded, gazing speculatively at the floor. "I wonder," he said slowly, "why the girl--Miss Cumberly--hesitated about telling us the woman's name?" "I am not wondering about that at all," replied Dunbar bluntly. "She must meet thousands in the same way. The wonder to me is that she remem- bered at all. I am open to bet half a crown that you couldn't remember the name of every woman you happened to have pointed out to you at an arts ball?" "Maybe not," agreed Sowerby; "she's a smart girl, I'll allow. I see you have last night's papers there?" "I have," replied Dunbar; "and I'm wondering-" "If there's any connection?" "Well," continued the inspector, "it looks, on the face of it, as though the news of her husband's death had some- thing to do with Mrs. Vernon's pres- ence at Leroux's flat. It's not a natural thing for a woman, on the evening of her husband's death, to rush straight away to another man's place." "It's strange we couldn't find her clothes." "It's not strange at all! You're sim- ply obsessed with the idea that this was a love intrigue! Think, man! The most abandoned woman wouldn't run to keep an appointment with a lover at a time like that! And, remember, she had the news in her pocket! She came to that flat dressed--or undressed--just as we found her; I'm sure of it. And a point like that sometimes means the differ- ence between hanging and acquittal." Sergeant Sowerby digested these words, composing his jovial counte- nance in an expression of unnatural profundity. Then: "The point, to my mind," he said, "is the one raised by Mr. Hilton. By gum! Didn't Doctor Cumberly tell him off!" "Doctor Cumberly," replied Dunbar, "is entitled to his opinion, that the in- jection in the woman's shoulder was at least eight hours old; while Mr. Hilton is equally entitled to maintain that it was less than one hour old. Neither of them can hope to prove his case." "If either of them could?" "It might make a difference to the evidence--but I'm not sure." "What time is your appointment?" "Ten o'clock," replied Dunbar. "I am meeting Mr. Debnam--the late Mr. Vernon's solicitor. There is something in it. Damme! I am sure of it!" 