Black Star's Subterfuge 39 Verbeck had told him to eat before rejoining him, and so Muggs had en- tered this little restaurant on a side street and ordered a modest meal. He had no more than seated himself when he became aware that he was under surveillance. Being a man of broad experience, and at present engaged with Verbeck and Detective Riley in matching wits with a clever crook and his followers, Muggs used caution. He did not turn his head quickly to ascertain the identity of the person whose eyes he felt. He sipped his coffee and conveyed a generous bite of pie to his mouth, sat back and wiped his lips, and, without seeming to look up, he searched with his eyes a panel mirror directly before him, in which was reflected the interior of the little restaurant. It was almost the same minute that Roger Verbeck, in the more fashion- able restaurant, looked in a mirror and observed the approach of his waiter with the finger bowl. Muggs spotted his man! He of the glittering eyes sat at a table near the door and pretended to be eating berries and cake. He was regarding the back of Muggs' head intently--and smiling the lying smile. "There's one hombre I've never seen before, to the best of my knowledge and belief," Muggs told himself, ''yet he seems to be mighty interested in me. A man would think he was layin' to hand me a jolt, the way he acts. It's up to me to hand out the jolt first!" Muggs picked up his check and reached for his hat. As he turned to walk the length of the restaurant, he saw that the other man had risen also, and was hurrying toward the cashier's cage. Realizing that the stranger was eager to get outside, either to accost or trail him, Muggs did some smiling of his own now; and a wise man could have read many things in that smile, the most important being to hurry from the vicinity of Mr. Muggs as speedily as possible. Muggs paid his check and fumbled over the toothpicks, giving the other man ample time to establish himself outside to his satisfaction. Then he threw back his shoulders, shot out his lower jaw belligerently, and headed for the door. The stranger with the glittering eyes was standing at the curb, a short distance away, just at the rear of a taxi- cab, and looking up and down the street as if awaiting an automobile. Muggs walked straight toward him. "Pardon me, but are you an artist?" Muggs demanded, in a peculiar tone. "I am not. Why do you ask, sir?" They faced each other squarely. The stranger was well aware now that Muggs knew of the recent espionage, and was about to demand an explana- tion; and Muggs knew he was aware of it. "You ain't lookin' for a model of a perfect male human head?" Muggs asked now. "I am not, sir." "I thought maybe you was, stranger. The way you bored them eyes of yours into my head back there in the restau- rant, I not only suspicioned you was lookin' for a model, but that you'd found your man." "I--I beg your pardon!" The other simulated astonishment. "Yeh? Do I infer from that, stranger, that you ain't found your man? If for any particular reason you was lookin' for me, I'm here with my pedigree. My name's Muggs. I've got one peculiarity, and that is, that when I find a stranger regardin' me too close I always want to plant a fist 'tween his eyes. Ain't that funny?" "Really, I-" "And just now," Muggs went on, "I'm engaged in a simple endeavor on the side, as my boss would say, that makes me nervous when a man gets 