The Yellow Claw 19 a fresh plait in the rope around the neck of the wrong man!" Helen Cumberly grew slowly quite pallid. "Good night," she said; and, bowing to the detective and to the surgeon, she prepared to depart. Mr. Hilton touched Doctor Cumber- ly's arm, as he, too, was about to retire. "May I hope," he whispered, "that you will return and give me the benefit of your opinion in making out my re- port?" Doctor Cumberly glanced at his daughter; and, seeing her to be per- fectly composed, "For the moment, I have formed no opinion, Mr. Hilton," he said quietly, "not having had an op- portunity to conduct a proper exam- ination." Hilton bent and whispered confi- dentially in the other's ear: "She was drugged!" The innuendo underlying the words struck Doctor Cumberly forcibly, and he started back with his brows drawn together in a frown. "Do you mean that she was addicted to the use of drugs," he asked sharply, "or that the drugging took place to- night." "The drugging did take place to- night!" whispered the other. "An in- jection was made in the left shoulder with a hypodermic syringe; the mark is quite fresh." Doctor Cumberly glared at his fel- low practitioner angrily. "Are there no other marks of injec- tion?" he asked. "On the left forearm, yes. Obviously self-administered. Oh, I don't deny the habit! But my point is this: the in- jection in the shoulder was not self- administered." "Come, Helen," said Cumberly, tak- ing his daughter's arm; for she had drawn near, during the colloquy, "you must get to bed." His face was very stern when he turned again to Mr, Hilton. "I shall return in a few minutes," he said, and escorted his daughter from the room. CHAPTER VI. AT SCOTLAND YARD. MATTERS of vital importance to some people whom already we have met, and to others whom thus far we have not met, were transacted in a lofty and rather bleak-looking room at Scotland Yard between the hours of nine and ten a. m.; that is, later in the morning of the fateful day whose ad- vent we have heard acclaimed from the Tower of Westminster. The room, which was lighted by a large French window opening upon a balcony, commanded an excellent view of the Thames Embankment. The floor was polished to a degree of bright- ness almost painful. The distempered walls, save for a severe and solitary etching of a former commissioner, were nude in all their unloveliness. A heavy deal table--upon which rested a blotting pad, a pewter inkpot, several newspapers, and two pens--together with three deal chairs, built rather as monuments of durability than as exam- ples of art, constituted the only furni- ture, if we except an electric lamp with a green glass shade, above the table. This was the room of Detective In- spector Dunbar; and Detective In- spector Dunbar, at the hour of our en- trance, will be found seated in the chair, placed behind the table, his elbows rest- ing upon the blotting pad. At ten minutes past nine, exactly, the door opened, and a thickset, florid man, buttoned up in a fawn-colored raincoat, and wearing a bowler hat of obsolete build, entered. He possessed a black mustache, a breezy, bustling manner, and humorous, blue eyes; furthermore, when he took off his hat, he revealed the possession of a head of very bristly, 