Two--Not of a Kind 31 Cobb had picked up a letter from the heap, and seemed to be studying it at- tentively. He had learned that visitors could be put where he wanted to put them by pushing in hard the idea that their affairs were of no importance. He rattled the sheet and scowled over the top of it before again blanketing his face. "Come to the point!" he snapped. "I was led to believe by one of your agents-" "What's that?" flared in Cobb. "I was led to believe that in a year's time-" "Or five or ten," put in Cobb sharply. "Anyhow," the woman continued, "the agent and the circular told how the great American property owners had begun by buying land. I took my savings from the bank--years of sav- ings--and bought a lot. The Clear- water extension--it's on the map, over there. And--now--well--we need the money--we need it terribly. I've got to get money somewhere." "Now," clicked in Cobb's brisk voice, as he lowered the letter before blanketing his face once more. "Hit the pike. What's all this, anyway?" "My mother--I support her,'' per- sisted the school-teacher, while she nervously twisted into a knot the gloves in her lap and untwisted them again. "My mother! She has the most fright- ful dread of public hospitals. She says she will never go to one--never. She says that-" "Will you please cut it short?" came again the sharp and intimidating voice, as the letter was crisply rattled and lowered to the desk, where Cobb jotted on the margin a penciled memorandum. "What was it you were saying?" he asked. "Oh, yes, the Clearwater addi- tion. My advice is to hold on to that lot. Don't let it get away from you-- don't, I say, let it get away!" "But I've got to have money for my mother's operation. The doctors say it is the one chance to save her life, and they say that in her weak con- dition, and feeling as she does about hospitals, it might kill her to make her go to one. There's nobody I can borrow' from, and--well--I thought that under the circumstances you would take the lot back--say, with four per cent interest on the price. That's what the savings bank paid me." Cobb made a vicious jab at his mem- orandum. Then he glanced at the woman. The glance was what you might expect from a hawk that had just indulged in a bit of the flesh of a sparrow which had fallen into its claws. "So that's what you want," he said. "We sell real estate--our concern never buys it--not subdivided." "But my mother," implored the school-teacher, subduing with difficulty the tears, notwithstanding the training of many years in a soul-racking occu- pation. It was as if Cobb had suddenly be- come deaf. He smiled at his pencil, showing the teeth, which, although so white, suggested the teeth of a steel trap. "I had agents try to sell," said the woman, getting control of her voice and again continuing. "They couldn't. And I must have money. Couldn't you manage to give me half of what I paid? If the lot is so valuable, you would lose nothing by taking it back for half." "See here!" gritted out Cobb, jerk- ing himself to his feet so suddenly that the woman was startled into greater timidity. "I'm busy. Given you fif- teen minutes of valuable time. We won't buy back your lot--that's final. Pardon me for not showing you to the door--it's Saturday, and I've got a big deal. Keep the lot--hang on to it-- don't let it get away." He picked up his memorandum and glared at it. "Oh 