56 Detective Story Magazine CHAPTER. VII. AT BAY. NEARER and nearer, louder and more insistent came the voice. "Boss! Boss! Wake up, boss! Aw, boss, can't you wake up?" Verbeck recognized the voice as that of Muggs, but it seemed he was in darkness. And then, rapidly, things cleared. His head whirled again, but this time consciousness was returning to him instead of leaving. "Try to sit up, boss! That's the stuff!" Now Muggs had an arm around his shoulders and was urging him to bend forward. Verbeck sighed and opened his eyes. He was in the darkness, on the ground between sidewalk and curb. "Why--what--" he gasped. Memory returned to him with a rush. He struggled to get to his feet, and Muggs aided him, and they staggered toward the walk. The Black Star's headquarters--Riley held prisoner--the chalk trail--the vapor gun! Verbeck remembered all, and was roused to ac- tion. "One moment, Muggs--I'm dizzy," he complained. "Just let us stand here a minute or so, then we'll get busy!" "When I came to, you were dead to the world, boss. Ain't it the deuce? Where do you suppose them headquar- ters are, eh? And how are we goin' to get Riley out?" "Things aren't as bad as they seem, Muggs. I know a thing or two." "Did they shoot that stuff at you as soon as they put me to sleep?" "They did, Muggs, but it didn't take effect." "Wh-what's that, boss?" "I fought them, Muggs--held my breath. I pretended to be unconscious, and they carried me to the taxi. They didn't put me to sleep until just before we were taken out of the cab. I got caught off guard then." "Boss! You--you--" "Exactly, Muggs! I've an idea where the Black Star has his headquar- ters. Come along--I'm all right now. We've got to hurry to the house!" Side by side they hurried down the street, went around the corner, and so came to the old Verbeck place. Once inside the gate, they ran at top speed to the front door, unlocked it, hurried inside. Muggs snapped on the lights; Roger Verbeck rushed to the telephone and called police headquarters and asked for the chief. "Hello! Chief?" he said. "This is Roger Verbeck." He was fighting to keep the note of excitement from his voice, for Verbeck knew the chief well. Communicate ex- citement to the chief, and he would want to call out the reserves, make a noise, alarm every crook in the city-- and so accomplish nothing. "Listen well, chief," he said now. "And please do not interrupt--and do exactly as I say. I've been to the Black Star's headquarters. Wait--wait! Keep quiet, chief, and listen. We'll get along better if we take things coolly. Yes--I've been inside the headquarters. He had me knocked out at a restaurant and took me there. He had Muggs ab- ducted and taken there. His intention was to let us see the place, and then send us away unconscious, and give us the laugh because we couldn't find the place again." "But--but--" "Wait!" Verbeck commanded. "While we were there, he even let us see orders given his men. They've planned a big trick for to-night. They are going to steal a hundred thousand in gold coin at two o'clock in the morn- ing. It is a shipment that arrived at noon to-day. Understand? Get the wheels in motion down there and find out what bank or trust company re- ceived that shipment, and have their place well guarded." 