Two--Not of a Kind 35 He seized the younger man by the throat, just above the collar, and, with experienced fingers, pushed in the windpipe, so that only a low gurgle told what the blackening face and starting eyeballs indicated. Forcing the younger man to the floor, Cobb pulled out a great, blue cotton handkerchief from his pocket with the right hand, while the other continued to grip savagely the already congested throat. The hand- kerchief was wound tightly above the son's mouth, and securely knotted be- hind his head. Then Cobb pulled his man to the chair behind the desk, and pushed him into it. "Your check book!" he grunted. "Pull out your check book. Don't thrash around, or I'll break your bones like rotten sticks!" The son hesitated. Some of the nerve of the elder must have been passed down into his blood. But the savagery of the face near his own would have subdued most men. He pulled out a drawer and lifted his check book before him. "A check to the skirt for ten times her gate money into the shell game--the even hundred above," snarled Cobb. The check was scrawled, and Cobb, senior, took it in his red hands. Three times he read it aloud, as if gloating over it, and then placed it in his pocket. "There's no danger you'll chance a trick," he said. "If you do, I'll make a come-back. So you won't stop pay- ment. But I ain't through. Once be- fore I caught you playing a skunk--you weren't more than six. I took it out of your hide. Just as you got it then, you'll git your medicine now. See! They may hear it outside, but the walls and doors are thick." Cobb, senior, slipped to the coat rack, which held in its ring a sheaf of um- brellas and canes. He strode back, with Jenifer's heavy walking stick in his hand. Before the other could have expected the attack, Cobb seized him by the col- lar with a grip so powerful that the collar was torn from the front button and left the ends projecting upward around the knotted handkerchief. With the strength of an athlete of fifty-five, and muscles of seven years' hardening at severe prison toil, he began wielding the heavy stick, blow after blow, until, as he continued, the tweed coat, from the shoulders to the hips of the shiver- ing man, raised itself into ridges, sug- gesting that the cloth was thus corru- gated by the flesh below. With the fury of the blows, the cane was gradually broken into slivers, the pieces scattering themselves about the floor, below the men. The red face of the castigator turned to purple, and, as it did, the face of the other grew distorted and livid, mingled perspira- tion and tears rolling over the shrunken cheeks. With a growl that was more beast- like than the growls which had been vented while the blows were falling, the safe cracker threw the form of his son into the chair, where it humped itself inertly, the head dropping forward be- tween the gripped and quivering hands. "I'm going now," said Cobb. "Be- fore Heaven, I give it that I'll never glimpse you again. Swing your cat's- paws outside any chuck-out you want. Say a bughouse did you up. That'll go. You won't give yourself away as the son of a crook that wouldn't stand for your skunk doings--that's sure! And, take it from a feller who was pushed the hand-out of being your dad, a professional cracksman has got more guts than to lift leathers from a box- factory skirt, and a clean get-away handy!" He stepped to the door, and un- locked it. "The boss, in there, has got to have a doctor," he said to the girl stenog- rapher, as he passed through the outer office and into the corridor. 