Black Star's Subterfuge 69 building for the present. The mayor had not been courageous enough to leave the gate. Flashing his electric torch, Riley led the way down the hall and steps, and to the door of the headquarters room, the others crowding after him. Ver- beck got a chance to whisper to Muggs: "What is it?" "Just another little trick." "But--" "Wait, boss--you'll have to see it!" The door of the headquarters room was closed, but Riley threw it open, and they stepped inside. The chief and his captain gasped when they saw the rich furnishings. But they were not new to Verbeck, and his glance wan- dered elsewhere. Everything seemed the same as when he had been there be- fore, except- There was a phonograph, with a gigantic horn, on the mahogany table. "The Black Star--his men--" the chief implored. "None here!" Riley answered. "Nonsense! They couldn't have escaped! Unless there's a tunnel of some sort--" "There is no tunnel. Neither the Black Star nor any of his men has been in this building since you arrived." "But--" the bewildered chief gasped. "Why--nonsense! Haven't they been shooting at us? Haven't we heard him screeching to his Crooks?" Riley pointed to the phonograph. "That is what you heard," he said. "But the shooting-" "Let me tell it in my own way, chief, and we'll get at it quicker. After I was put out by that blamed vapor gun --which the Black Star kindly ex- plained to me afterward--I came back to life to find that Verbeck and Muggs had been taken away. I supposed, naturally, that they had been doped first, and would be "unable to find the place again. Since I did know the whereabouts of this place, I supposed the Black Star intended to keep me where I'd not do him any harm. The first thing he did was to assure me I'd not meet with violence--and that Ver- beck soon would be back." "But-" "Wait, chief! I want you to get this straight. After that, the Black Star went ahead to explain a few things, gave me the laugh, took off his robe and mask, put on his coat and hat, and bade me adieu as cheerfully as you please. That was within ten minutes after Muggs and Verbeck had been taken away--and I've been the only man in this building since until Muggs stumbled in here a few minutes ago." "Nonsense! The shooting--" the chief persisted. "Oh, there is an explanation of all that! By the way, what time is it?" "Three o'clock!" answered the cap- tain, after glancing at his watch. "Then he's done it!" "Done what?" the chief cried. "Got away with a hundred thousand in gold coin. He said he was going to, didn't he?" "But the shooting--" The chief could think of nothing else. "Look at the two blackboards," Riley said. "You'll find your explanation there. Read the one to your right first." They whirled to read. Verbeck, with sinking heart, was reading it already. And this was the message the Black Star had left: To Roger Verbeck and any others it may concern: If you are reading this, it prob- ably means that all my plans have been suc- cessful, as they are generally. I have scant time, and must be brief. First, this is not really my new headquar- ters, but one fitted up for this special occa- sion. I arranged to have Verbeck or Muggs abducted and carried here. Accidentally, both were captured, but that made no dif- ference. I allowed them to overhear certain plans, knowing that afterward they would help carry them out. 