106 Detective Story Magazine terrible, Flint, terrible! I thought I could trust you, and now, after all this time, I find that I've been living in a fool's paradise." The criminal interrupted him with a dignified gesture. "I don't think I deserve that, sen- ator," he said quietly. "Thorndyke Flint has never yet betrayed a secret. Much as I regret this unfortunate oc- currence, however, I don't see how I can be held responsible for it. I didn't rob my own safe, and certainly I wouldn't have chosen to have it robbed, if I could have helped it." "That's neither here nor there!" de- clared the ex-senator. "Why didn't you destroy the records?" "Do you expect me to destroy my stock in trade, or burn up the reference books I have had occasion to consult countless times?" "I hadn't thought of it in that light," Phelps confessed. "Even that doesn't make it any easie[r] to bear, however. What can I do?" "I'm sorry to say that I see nothing for you to do, except to pay," Green Eye answered, fingering the letter which had been handed him. Phelps looked at him in amazement. "You actually give me that advice!" he murmured. Green Eye nodded. "I know I'm disappointing you," he said, "but that's the best advice I can give under the circumstances. It may sound strange, but we must face the facts. I know perfectly well who is at the bottom of this, and I have to confess that he's one of the shrewdest men who ever defied the law. He's amazingly daring, senator, and you may be sure he means exactly what he says. He'll drag this whole unsavory business into the light, if you don't stop his mouth with gold, and stop it with- out delay." "But aren't you going to--" "Of course, I'm going to do every- thing I can to catch him, senator," the criminal interrupted, in a tone which seemed to imply that that was a matter of course. "If possible, I shall try to trap him just after you have met his demands, and while he has the money on his person. I cannot promise, how- ever, to catch him to-day, or this week, and, knowing his methods as well as I do, I know that you can't afford to risk any delay. The chances are, of course, that I can make him disgorge, and that you'll get your money back, but the im- portant thing is to play safe, isn't it?" Ex-Senator Phelps nodded slowly and hopelessly. "I suppose you're right," he agreed. "I had hoped for immediate help, Flint, for something that would put new hope into me. Evidently, I expected too much, though. I'll do as you say, of course, and try to believe that every- thing will come out all right. Good morning." And with that he left the room, walk- ing as if he were seventy instead of sixty. "Number one!" Green-eye Gordon chuckled as he leaned back in his seat. "A hundred and fifty thousand isn't bad for a starter. I wonder who will be the next?" CHAPTER XLVIII. UP AGAINST IT AT LAST. A FEW minutes later, the front-door bell rang again, and this time the salver which the butler presented to his supposed employer bore the card of Harold Lumsden. Gordon nodded impassively. "Very well," he said. ''I only hope he'll prove worth the trouble," he told himself, as the butler left the room. "He's a spendthrift, of course. Money turns to water and runs through his fingers, no matter how fast it comes in. He's just back from London, however, and I hardly think 