Black Star's Subterfuge 71 Thought they were keeping it quiet, I suppose. The Black Star knew about it, though. His men robbed the vault and left the watchman on the floor, bound and gagged, with a black star pasted on his forehead. It's a hun- dred thousand in gold coin! Consul's frantic!" "Yes," said the chief wearily, "it seems the Black Star knew about it!" Johnston McCulley--John Mack Stone being the nom de plume under which the first two of this series of novelettes were written--is writing another novelette dealing with the Black Star and the efforts of Roger Verbeck to capture him. You can look forward to soon having the pleasure of reading this story--and Mr. McCulley says that it is his best Black Star story so far. A NEW BUNKO GAME MEYER CLAYMAN, a blacksmith of No. 1735 Harrison Street, Kansas City, Missouri, was introduced by Harry Naster, a butcher, of No. 1003 East Eighteenth Street, to Mr. Grossman: "Meyer, meet my friend, Sammie Grossman. He's a good boy, and can make you rich." Grossman explained he had disposed of all his jewelry stock in St. Louis, except nine pounds of pure gold, melted into small, coin-shaped pieces. He was willing to sell the gold for one hundred dollars a pound, he said, half its value, because he had been called out of town hurriedly on a long trip and was afraid to take it with him. Clayman desired to see the gold. Grossman opened a shoe box he had under his arm. The box was lined with cotton, on which were many bright-yellow disks. "I'd buy them myself, if I had the money," volunteered Naster. "Maybe I could get the money." Then Clayman decided he would buy the gold. "Now, you take these samples to a jeweler, and see what he says," said Gross- man, producing several disks like those in the box. Clayman went to a jeweler, who said the samples were pure gold, worth $247.20 a pound. Clayman returned, stopping at the bank to get nine hundred dollars in gold money, and counted it out in Grossman's palm. Grossman took back the samples. That night Clayman carried the treasure home with him. "I guess I'll buy a motor car with the nine hundred dollars I made," he said to his brother. Misgivings overtook Clayman the next day. He put the box under his arm and went hatless to his jeweler friend. The jeweler began his examination, then looked up with a start. "These are brass," he said. The excited Clayman soon learned he had paid nine hundred dollars for a shoe box filled with the sort of brass checks used to set an electric piano to churn- ing. They had been gilded over. Naster was remorseful, and volunteered to search for Grossman. He had known Grossman three years, he said, and always he was a nice young man. 