124 Detective Story Magazine Pasquale was still at work. Sheldon touched his shoulder and said quietly: "Go back to the country, Pierre, and-- give up writing, old man. Your pub- lishers are liberal in their denunciation of you and your stuff!" "Good!" Pasquale exclaimed, re- gaining his good humor at the thought of an immediate return to his potatoes. "I never intend to write another word in my life. Good-by, Billy, and thanks awfully for whatever you and Arthur have done, though, for the life of me, I still don't understand what the row's been about! Both of you come down some time, and I'll show you a potato patch that will make your hearts young again!" During the five years Pasquale had planted potatoes, his ardor had never for a moment diminished. True, for the last year he had been constantly drawing on the bank, but, to him, that seemed the sole excuse for its ex- istence, so when he received word that his account was overdrawn, he felt as a petulant child might, when tem- porarily deprived of jam. Nor did he realize the seriousness of his position, until the plow needed a new share, and he had not the where- withal to purchase it. Then it was only anger he felt--anger against the bank, the series of bad summers, and the world in general. "There is noth- ing for it, but to write again," he told himself dejectedly. Calling his farm hand, he told him the facts. "I've no more money, John, and we need a new plow, and lots of other things. It seems I can't buy them, so I'll have to pay you off, and get along alone, as best I can, until I get fresh funds." John, who was devoted to Pasquale, would not hear of his plans. "I shall work on as before, sir," he said. "Me and the missus have saved up a tidy sum from the overpay you always give me, and--and--well, sir, I never earned that money, and please, sir, wouldn't you use it, sir, until you get the other money, sir!" John's honest face was red and em- barrassed, and Pasquale slapped him on the back in friendly fashion. "No, John, I'll have a check in two or three weeks; but if you won't go, I suppose you'll work on, that's all! It won't be long before I can square tip, anyway." That night, Pasquale wrote to his friend, Billy Sheldon: Come and see fair play, Billy. I won't use my own name, and I'll spin out a yarn about myself this time, so you and Arthur can put your old minds at rest about the "tender feelings of the public!'' Then he shut himself up in his den to work. "Fine subject I am, for a penny shocker," he mused. "I'm afraid I'll have to be satisfied with the hero's part, and John can be the villain!" He chuckled to himself af the idea, and wrote rapidly all through the night. The next morning John brought in breakfast as usual. Pasquale eyed him with amusement. "Not so polite, my villain," he laughed to himself, as the adoring John left him after a puzzled stare at the pile of manuscript strewn about the table. "You don't strike me as a murderous ruffian, and you're no inspiration at all when you look at me like a worried old hen!" That afternoon Sheldon arrived. "See that?" Pasquale laughed, as John served the dinner. "That speci- men of British honesty is my villain; he has to make away with me, the Eng- lish baron!" Sheldon glanced over the manuscript and found it to be one of Pasquale's best, but later, when John confided to him his fears that his young master was overworking, and related harrowing tales of untouched breakfasts--he se- cretly marveled at Pasquale's san- 