108 Detective Story Magazine The masquerading criminal held down the cover of the little check book with his left hand, while he began to write with the other. Lumsden leaned over his shoulder, watching him, as if ready to try his luck at signing his name as soon as the rest of the check was filled in. His hand slipped into his pocket, however, and when it came out silently, there was something in it which had a metallic gleam. "Ah! Thanks!" he exclaimed, a mo- ment or two later. "You have made it very easy for me, Gordon!" Simultaneously, there was a sudden, unlooked-for swoop, followed quickly by the click of a pair of handcuffs as they closed on Green Eye's wrists. And the voice which uttered the mocking words was not the voice of Harold Lumsden, but that of Thorn- dyke Flint himself. Gordon knew it after the first word or two, and even if he had not done so, the action which went along with it would have been en- lightening enough. "Flint, by Heaven!" the rogue cried hoarsely, jumping to his feet and over- turning the chair. "Flint--exactly," the detective agreed, removing the wig which had played such a large part in transform- ing him into Harold Lumsden. "You didn't think you were going to have this little masked ball all to yourself, did you?" After the first dazed shock--a merely momentary one--had passed, Gordon's face seemed to grow actually black with rage and hatred. "You may think you have me, curse you!" he snarled. "But I'll show you--" He leaped forward, his manacled arms raised to strike together. Flint quietly side-stepped the mad, bull-like rush, but Green Eye turned and charged him again. There was one more surprise await- ing him, though. The door opened, and Judson en- tered, coolly fingering an automatic. "Pretty neat weapon, isn't it, Gor- don?" he asked, in a matter-of-fact tone, then stopped in feigned surprise. "Oh, you and Mr. Flint are having an argument? Hope you don't think I've butted in. Now that I'm here, though, I think I might as well stay. You look as if you needed your wrists slapped, and the chief may not care to bother with it." The escaped convict had halted in his tracks at the first interruption, and was now looking from the detective to his assistant with baffled rage. He would have liked to fight it out to a finish, but his shrewdness told him that he would gain nothing by such a course, and it was one of his rules never to exert him- self unnecessarily. The consequence was that he merely shrugged his shoulders. "So be it," he said quietly. "You fellows can trump my ace, I see. Let me remind you, however, that you haven't got that gold that our mutual friend, John Simpson, took such a lik- ing to. Likewise, you're a long way from the possession of those papers which you were foolish enough to keep in a more or less ordinary safe." Flint and Judson looked at each other and grinned. "Think so?" queried the former. "I'm afraid, in that case, that you are scheduled to receive another disagree- able surprise or two. I located the gold yesterday afternoon--in one of Gilles- pie's closets. As for the missing rec- ords, I feel very sure that we shall dis- cover them on you." And they did. Therefore, there was no need of de- lay, and No. 39,470 Clinton was shipped northward to Dannemora the next day, under escort. "Lucky for us that he belonged to the 'Gray Brotherhood,' " Flint remarked to Griswold, when he turned a little 