42 Detective Story Magazine who received those orders would have their hands full. It appears, however, that the task was as easy as picking up a child." 'Yeh?" Muggs snarled. "I knew, you see, that you would be in the business district to-day, since Roger Verbeck was purchasing supplies --stocking up the old Verbeck house well, to be comfortable with you and Detective Riley while conducting his campaign to capture me-" "And you can bet he'll get you yet!" Muggs loyally exclaimed. "Do you really think so, Muggs? However, I have you now!" "Well, what's it to be--goin' to shoot me, or what?" "My dear Muggs! I abhor violence! I am not a thug. Wit, strategy, the game of brains--those are the things! My purpose in bringing you here was not ulterior." "Talk United States and get it off your chest, quick!" Muggs said. "Such language! I cannot, for the life of me, understand why a refined gentleman like Roger Verbeck endures your companionship. By having you carried here, I believed I was doing Mr. Verbeck a favor." "Yeh?" "He matched his wit against mine, and almost destroyed my organization once. I escaped the silly police, how- ever, and formed my organization anew, also obtained a new headquarters. Has it not been the desire of yourself, Mr. Verbeck and Detective Riley--the trio sworn to capture me--to discover the whereabouts of this new headquar- ters? Well--here it is, Muggs." "I can see the headquarters, all right!" "And please observe the heavy cur- tain on that side of the room. It cov- ers an open doorway, Muggs. I am going to lift that curtain now and give you a shock. Yes, Muggs, I feel sure it will be quite a shock." The Black Star walked slowly across the room to the curtain, turned and looked at Muggs again, then swiftly threw the curtain back. With an ex- clamation, Muggs struggled to get to his feet. In the doorway, sitting bound in a chair, his hands fastened before him --was Roger Verbeck. A handkerchief gagged him. "You--you got the boss!" Muggs cried. "You-" "Oh, yes! It proved as easy to cap- ture Roger Verbeck as it did to get you, Muggs, so do not feel too much grieved that you were taken by my men. I merely wanted to make sure of the capture of one of you, to show you the new headquarters, but my men were so successful they caught two of you. Match wits with the Black Star and his band? You poor fools!" "You--you-" Muggs sputtered in sudden wrath at seeing his beloved master in such an extremity. Rage gathered within him, and he twisted at wrists and ankles in a futile effort to get free. The Black Star stepped for- ward and pushed against Muggs' breast, and Muggs was toppled over on the couch. "Take it easy, Muggs," the Black Star advised. "I have no intention of harming Mr. Verbeck, nor yourself. I merely intend keeping both of you here for a short time, letting you witness anything that may transpire, and then you'll be allowed to go. Understand?" Muggs growled and looked at the floor. Verbeck felt suddenly elated. It would be like the Black Star to take such a chance. He could crow about it afterward--write letters to the papers, and say he had abducted Roger Ver- beck and Muggs, and revealed the new headquarters to them, yet could not be located and captured. And it was pos- sible, Verbeck thought, that he might observe or hear something that would give him a clew to the location of the place. He doubted not, that when he 