The Yellow Claw 21 "Something in what?" "The fact that Mr. Vernon died yes- terday evening, and that his wife was murdered at midnight." "What have you told the press?" "As little as possible, but you will see that the early editions will all be screaming for the arrest of Soames." "I shouldn't wonder. He would be a useful man to have; but he's probably out of London now." "I think not. He's more likely to wait for instructions from his prin- cipal." "His principal?" "Certainly. You don't think Soames did the murder, do you ?" "No; but he's obviously an ac- cessory." "I'm not so sure even of that." "Then why did he bolt?" "Because he had a guilty conscience." "Yes," agreed Sowerby; "it does turn out that way sometimes. At any rate, Stringer is after him, but he's got next to nothing to go upon. Has any reply been received from Mrs. Leroux in Paris?" "No," answered Dunbar, frowning thoughtfully. "Her husband's wire would reach her first thing this morn- ing; I am expecting to hear of a reply at any moment." "They're a funny couple, altogether," said Sowerby. "I can't imagine myself standing for Mrs. Sowerby spending her week-ends in Paris. Asking for trouble, I call it!" "It does seem a daft arrangement," agreed Dunbar; "but then, as you say, they're a funny couple." "I never saw such a bundle of nerves in all my life!" "Leroux?" Sowerby nodded. "I suppose," he said, "it's the artistic temperament! If Mrs. Leroux has got it, too, I don't wonder that they get fed up with one another's company." "That's about the secret of it. And now, I shall be glad, Sowerby, if you will be after that taxi man again. Re- port at one o'clock. I shall be here." "By the way," said Sowerby, with his hand on the doorknob, "who the blazes is Mr. King?" Inspector Dunbar looked up. "Mr. King," he replied slowly, "is the solution of the mystery." CHAPTER VII. THE MAN IN THE LIMOUSINE. THE house of the late Horace Ver- non was a modern villa of pros- perous appearance; but, on this sunny September morning, a palpable atmos- phere of gloom seemed to overlie it. This made itself perceptible even to the toughened and unimpressionable nerves of Inspector Dunbar. As he mounted the five steps leading up to the door, glancing meanwhile at the lowered blinds at the windows, he wondered if, failing these evidences and his own private knowledge of the facts, he should have recognized that the hand of tragedy had placed its mark upon this house. But when the door was opened by a white-faced servant, he told him- self that he should, for a veritable mi- asma of death seemed to come out to meet him, to envelop him. Within, proceeded a subdued activ- ity: somber figures moved upon the staircase; and Inspector Dunbar, hav- ing presented his card, presently found himself in a well-appointed library. At the table, whereon were spread a number of documents, sat a lean, clean- shaven, sallow-faced man, wearing gold-rimmed pince-nez; a man whose demeanor of businesslike gloom was most admirably adapted to that place and occasion. This was Mr. Debnam, the solicitor. He gravely waved the detective to an armchair, adjusted his pince-nez, and coughed, introductorily. "Your communication, inspector," he 