22 Detective Story Magazine began--he had the kind of voice which seems to be buried in sawdust pack- ing--"was brought to me this morn- ing, and has disturbed me immeasur- ably, unspeakably." "You have been to view the body, sir?" "One of my clerks, who knew Mrs. Vernon, has just returned to this house to report that he has identified her." "I should have preferred you to have gone yourself, sir," began Dun- bar, taking out his notebook. "My state of health, inspector," said the solicitor, "renders it undesirable that I should submit myself to an or- deal so unnecessary--so wholly un- necessary." "Very good!" muttered Dunbar, making an entry in his book; "your clerk, then, whom I can see in a mo- ment, identifies the murdered woman as Mrs. Vernon. What was her Chris- tian name?" "Iris--Iris Mary Vernon." Inspector Dunbar made a note of the fact. "And now," he said, "you will have read the copy of that portion of my re- port which I submitted to you this morning--acting upon information supplied by Miss Helen Cumberly?" "Yes, yes, inspector, I have read it --but, by the way, I do not know Miss Cumberly." "Miss Cumberly," explained the de- tective, "is the daughter of Doctor Cumberly, a Harley Street physician. She lives with her father in the flat above that of Mr. Leroux. She saw the body by accident--and recognized it as that of a lady who had been named to her at the last arts ball." "Ah!" said Debnam. "Yes--I see-- at the arts ball, inspector. This is a mysterious and a very ghastly case." "It is, indeed, sir," agreed Dunbar. "Can you throw any light upon the presence of Mrs. Vernon at Mr. Le- roux's flat on the very night of her husband's death?" "I can--and I cannot," answered the solicitor, leaning back in the chair and again adjusting his pince-nez, in the manner of a man having important mat- ters--and gloomy, very gloomy, mat- ters--to communicate. "Good!" said the inspector, and pre- pared to listen. "You see," continued Debnam, "the late Mrs. Vernon was not actually re- siding with her husband at the date of his death." "Indeed!" "Ostensibly"--the solicitor shook a lean forefinger at his vis-à-vis-- "ostensibly, inspector, she was visiting her sister in Scotland." Inspector Dunbar sat up very straight, his brows drawn down over the tawny eyes. "These visits were of frequent oc- currence, and usually of about a week's duration. Mr. Vernon, my late client, a man--I'll not deny it--of inconstant affections--you understand me, in- spector?--did not greatly concern him- self with his wife's movements. She belonged to a smart, bohemian set, and --to use a popular figure of speech-- burned the candle at both ends; late dances, night clubs, bridge parties, and other feverish pursuits, possibly taken up as a result of the--shall I say, cooling?--of her husband's affec- tions." "There was another woman in the case ?" "I fear so, inspector; in fact, I am sure of it: but to return to Mrs. Ver- non. My client provided her with am- ple funds; and I, myself, have ex- pressed to him astonishment respecting her expenditures in Scotland. I under- stand that her sister was in compara- tively poor circumstances, and I went so far as to point out to Mr. Vernon that one hundred pounds was--shall I say, an excessive?--outlay upon a 