Suggestion 123 weel the feelings of these itlier folk. It's as if he went into them and listened to the things they say and do, a' the time keeping the power to write it doon. It smacks of forcing the puir souls to do what he writes doon for siller! It's like--it's like-" "Suggestion," Sheldon whispered to himself. "Aye, man, what's that ye say? Sug- gestion? That's the word, laddie! It's as if they have to, because he is think- ing of it! I dinna like it." "But it proves Pierre didn't--" Sheldon began, and hesitated. "Aye, it shows the laddie never did bother Moorkins, money or no! It's nae mair than some evil influence the lad is un- der. I'll telephone the Fiddler, and see what we can do." As they waited for the representative from Pasquale's publisher, the two men talked. "But Pierre has spent more than half the thousand pounds al- ready," Sheldon objected to the law- yer's suggestion that they refund the money with the explanation that, being pressed for time, Pasquale had taken the entire story from the newspapers, hoping it would pass unnoticed. "For," Burns explained, "so long as it has not gone to their lawyers, there is no danger of the editor wondering where the details came from. He doesn't know whether they were known before the newspapers printed them later, and in the meantime Scotland Yard will probably catch their man." Burns was interrupted as the clerk ushered in the Fiddler's representative. "Be seated, sir," Burns began sternly, the light of battle in his eye. "I have sent for you to tell you how much I regret the inconvenience to which your firm has been put, and to offer you, in the name of my client, Mr. Pasquale, the sum of one thousand pounds as compensation for your loss of time, and money spent in advertising and print- ing his unfortunate story. I also re- fund you the one thousand pounds paid to him by your firm. The only ex- planation my client wishes to offer is that he was pressed for time and money, and as it is perfectly legitimate to make use of any current topic, he used the Moorkins robbery as the theme of his story. However, if by any further work he can further compensate you, I have no doubt he will gladly do so." Burns paused, and Sheldon, wander- ing where the lawyer intended getting two thousand pounds, looked on aghast. "Compensation!" the representative cried, in disgust. "We will accept the check, but as for any further commis- sions from us or any other self-respect- ing paper, you may tell Mr. Pasquale from me, his account is closed. This is his ruin; not one of us would touch the greatest work in the world, if writ- ten by him!" Burns, grown suddenly gray and weak, sat down heavily and wrote a check for two thousand pounds. The Fiddler's representative looked at it. "This is your personal check, sir?" he asked. "Yes," Burns replied simply. "Mr. Pasquale deposited that amount to my account when he realized he had made a mistake in this--his only unworthy act." Then, as the man left the office, Burns dropped his head on his arms, like an old man who has looked on the destruction of his life's dream. Sheldon stared at the bowed head for a moment, anger and emotion fight- ing in his heart. Then, he, too, wrote a check and laid it beside the old man. "You can't do it alone, Burns," he said kindly. "Pierre is my friend, too." At the unasked question in the lawyer's eyes, he added quickly: "Oh! I've a couple of hundred left, and nothing to do with 'em." Then, seeing the other still doubted, he turned on his heel and left the office. 