Tales of the Chemists' Club 111 cartoon--and of most benign de- meanor. It is not to be supposed that he favored Ritchie's attentions to his daughter, yet he viewed them with the most unmoved composure, and put no perceptible obstacle in the young man's way. Unfortunately, the daughter was quite as calm as her father, by which token Ritchie knew that he had not one chance in a million of winning her. And it was all preposterous, anyway, because he was a poor beggar, who would never be richer, and would prob- ably starve to death in the coming win- ter. The only thing for him to do was to pull up stakes and get away, so that he might be spared the humiliation of starving in her presence. But a man must have either money or exceptional nerve to get out of that country, and Ritchie had neither. The information which has been im- parted to the reader was the basis of Ritchie's reflections, as he paced the floor of his laboratory, anathematizing fate. His steps and the flow of his language were interrupted by the sound of voices and the creaking of a stair- case. Presently three men entered the room. One of them he knew slightly, the second he remembered having seen, and the third was a tall young English- man who was a total stranger to his eye. "Good morning, Professor Ritchie," said number one, whose name was Atherton. "Shake hands with my partner, Mr. Tripp, and then with Mr. Medway, of London." Ritchie said "Good morning," and acknowledged the introductions in the manner suggested. "We've come on a little matter of business," Atherton continued. "I sup- pose you know all about my uncle's claim, up Burnt Creek?" "I know that your uncle died a short time ago," replied Ritchie, "and that you were supposed to be his heir. I also knew that he had dug quite a hole in the ground, alongside of Burnt Creek. I believe he called it the Yel- low Dog, didn't he?" "Right you are," responded Ather- ton; "that was his name for it. Well, the estate is all squared up, now, and the Yellow Dog is mine, or, to be exact, two-thirds belong to me and one-third to Mr. Tripp. To tell the truth, I didn't believe the claim was good for anything until a few days ago, when I got my legal business settled, and took it into my head to have a look at the Yellow Dog. Tripp and I went up there, and we came back with the con- clusion that that dog was a valuable animal. He is yellow with gold, pro- fessor. Mr. Medway, also, has had a look at him, and he wants to buy him." "Well, you know," said Medway, apologetically, "I'm considering. I'm not altogether convinced; but, upon my word, the ore looks good--and I've seen a good deal of that kind of rock; really, I have, you know." "We want you to make the assay," said Tripp. "There's a boxful of speci- mens outside, on a wagon. They were taken under Mr. Medway's eye, and according to his directions--and I'm bound to say that he's all right when it comes to that sort of business." "I sampled the main lode at intervals of ten feet," said Medway, "breaking the ore across the full width. You'll find everything in good shape for your work, and, when that's done, we shall know as much about this matter as any- body can know about a mine." "You see," said Atherton, "this is all an open negotiation. All we want is to get at the real value of the property, and no advantage to be taken on either side. Is that right, gentlemen?" Tripp nodded with a somewhat sav- age emphasis, for he happened to be biting off a piece of plug tobacco at the time, and the Englishman said, "Quite so," very politely. During this conversation Ritchie had 