After Midnight By Marthe Neville "GOOD night, Mr. Lannen." Louise Willoughby ex- tended her hand. "We breakfast at nine," she said "I'll see you then. I hope you sleep well." "Thank you, I'm sure I shall." She gathered the folds of an em- broidered chiffon gown about her and slowly mounted the stairs. Lan- nen stood leaning against the newel post and watched her ascend. As he turned away, he faced his host. The cold metallic glitter in the older man's black eyes gave him a strange uncomfortable feeling. "Well?" said Willoughby. "She's charming, Andrew; you should be proud of her. She has im- proved wonderfully in the three years since I saw her." A slow smile crept about the drawn lips of the physician. It did not extend to his eyes, but became lost in the heavy mustache and Van Dyke beard he wore. Lannen again shivered. The snaky glitter in his physician-friend's eyes fascinated him. He wondered if it could be true; that the woman who had just left him, with purity written on every curve and line of her, could be the wanton thing her husband fancied; that she had so forgotten herself and her social position as to stoop to an intrigue with her gar- dener. It seemed impossible of Louise Wil- loughby. Yet many changes had taken place during the three years he had been abroad. He had not known her well before his departure, per- haps he did not know her at all now. "Come up into my laboratory," Willoughby said suddenly. He closed the windows and switched off all the lights with the exception of one held in a bronze Venus at the foot of the stairs. "Andy," Lannen said as they en- tered the heavily odorous room, "I'd rather you said nothing more about this to me. Some day you will be sorry for having taken me into your confidence; and then our friendship will end. There are some things a man has no right to discuss with an- other. I don't need to remind you of that. This is one of them!" "I've got to talk to some or go mad! You think it's my imagina- tion! You think I'm a jealous fool! I tell you I know. From the day that man came here, she h^s been different. I've watched them--I've seen his arm around her, I've heard him call her Louise--" He broke, and buried his head on his arms he had flung on the table before him. Lannen gripped his shoulder and shook him. "Why don't you send him away?" Willoughby raised his bloodshot eyes. "And admit defeat? Give him the pleasure of saying he was fired because Andrew 'Willoughby's wife fell in love with him!--Never! Be- sides--" he sprang to his feet, and paced the little room nervously, his long hands with their gnarled 103 