After Midnight 117 to do with the poor chap's death. We don't use it for drinking purposes, but it's pure. However, as you say, it's best to make sure. Come this way if you please, my laboratory is on the top floor." He led the way to the odorous room that was the scene of his many chemical tests. As they reached the door, for a second he hesitated. He drew a deep breath and inserted a key in the lock. It did not turn. The physician looked puzzled. "That's strange," he muttered. He rattled the knob. "Maybe the lock has sprung," said the inspector grimly. Willoughby shook his head. "It seems to be locked from the in- side," he said. The smile left his face--he became yellower if possible. There came to them the rustle of papers inside the room, the sound of someone moving. The men stared at each other. Willoughby swayed a trifle, and lurched against the door. Dwyer thrust a huge fist forward and gave the panel a resounding kick. "Open this door!" he called-- "Open it or we'll break it down." There was silence--then a sound of footsteps, and the door was flung open. The gardener stood just inside the room. He had discarded his over- alls and looked very much the gentle- man in a dark, , well fitting suit. Though he was ghastly pale, there was a triumphant gleam in his dark eyes and an air of success in his bear- ing. The room was in absolute disorder. Papers were thrown everywhere, bottles lay at random on glass topped tables. Paper baskets were over- thrown. Everything indicated a hur- ried but thorough search. One instant Willoughby glared at his ransacked laboratory, then into the glowing eyes of the boy whom he seemed to recognize for the first time, then he flung himself at the younger man with an almost animal like snarl "Damn you!" Allering stepped aside. At the same moment, Dwyer laid a heavy hand on his shoulder. "Well," he smiled, but the menace in his cool tones made Lannen shiver, --"I presume you are the gardener Allering. No wonder you didn't care to give your testimony to us. We came out here to look into the matter of a heart failure; we hardly expected to be so fortunate as to lay our hands on Charlie Moore--No. 9672." The boy flung back his head and looked bravely into the cool, hard face of the inspector. "No. 9672?" gasped Stevens. "Sure, the escaped con. sent up two years ago for manslaughter. Escaped six weeks ago. They say a society woman helped him bust out, but I never dreamed it was Mrs. Wil- loughby !" "She's my sister!" said the boy proudly. "Sure." Dwyer bit off the end of a cigar and stuck it in his mouth, but he didn't light it. He looked steadily at the young man, then toward Willoughby. The latter's eyes were bloodshot; he seemed to be controlling himself with difficulty. "What did you know about this?" Dwyer asked him. "Nothing," snapped the doctor. "You didn't recognize him?" "No!" Young Moore laughed unpleasant- ly. "That's a lie," he said. "He knew me the moment Louise brought me into this house, she knew he did, and so did I--but he didn't dare admit it. 