Where the Span Splits 97 gangrene and finally the great emancipation. "Uncle," I said, three days after the funeral, "why did Aunt Stella suffer so?" He seemed startled for a moment. Then he answered: "My boy, when you are about twice as old as you are now you will understand. It is the law of com- pensation. We all must pay for wrhat we take out of life." I questioned him further but he would not pursue the subject. I didn't sleep much that night. My mind was racing with the problem of compensation but making little headway. In the course of a rest- less doze I dreamed that angels and demons were fighting for the pos- session of my body. The angels seemed to be hopelessly outnum- bered and were getting the worst of it when suddenly they came over to the side of the demons and joined them sticking knives and pitchforks into me. II Life at Uncle John's soon re- turned to its normal gait. George and I again romped all over the place although I felt myself a bit subdued and prone to spells of puzzled re- flection. My Uncle's attacks of dyspepsia continued and Aunt Susan complained almost, constant- ly of feeling poorly without any definite ailment as far as I could learn. We had many visitors. Mostly they were men and women in the late thirties and forties. Although much of the conversation was be- yond me I liked to sit quietly in the large living room and listen to the callers. I believe it was during this period that my views relative to the Law of Compensation took coherent shape. While my foster-parents' friends discussed every subject under the sun there was one topic upon which each and all spoke fluently and often --their ailments. Everybody seemed to have something the matter with him or her. Mrs. Austin had neu- ralgia, Mr. Hawkins had a heart lesion, Mr. Swift suffered from con- stant, inexplicable pains in the back, Mrs. Steffens brooded about an in- cipient goitre, Mr. Holliday was wor- ried with a tenacious cough and Mrs. Taylor's stoutness preyed on her mind. Of all the visitor's my favorite was John Shelton, a school principal. He had no particular malady except that his eyes gave him trouble. He com- plained that they hurt when he read at night. "Mr. Shelton," I said to him one evening when we happened to be alone in the living room, "do all people get sick when they get to be thirty or thereabouts?" He laughed good-naturedly. "That's a funny question. Of course, not." "Why is it, then," I asked, "that people of that age are always talk- ing about their ailment's or look- ing worried? There's you, for ex- ample. Why aren't you happy all the time, like I am?" "Oh, you're young," he replied. "You have no cares, no responsibili- ties. There's nothing to keep you from being contented twenty-four hours in the day." "That's what I thought," re- plied. "As you grow older you get the things that make you unhappy." "That's the way of life," he an- swered soberly. "Take my advice, young man, and get all the pleasure you can out of your boyhood. The B. M.--Aug.--7 