52 More Deadly than the Viper ships. One late evening our little caravan rode into Tsagan-dhuntsa, and the Russian Consul and his sec- retary, the only two white men in this village of Sartang Mongols, in- vited us to stay at the Consulate. That very night M. Grebin, the Con- sul, told us the story of the Valley of Vanishing Men--rather, as the Chi- nese inhabitants call it, "T'su chu ti fang'--for that is the name by which Tsagan-dhuntsa is known to the desert tribes." The clouds in her eyes darkened; for a brief instant the shadow of dread lay upon her; then the fear was mas- tered. "Twenty-four year's ago a Russian merchant and his wife from Kiachta, traveling toward Dsungaria, took refuge from a storm in the Lamaserie at the head of the Pass. In those days the monastery was not forbid- den. The following morning the mer- chant's wife was found wounded-- having been attacked during the night by a vampire bat. The story goes that a week later she died--and it is believed by the Chinese and Sartang Mongols that her soul twas reincarnated in the form of a ghoul --and returns to feast upon men. . . . It's only a horrid tale, but"--she shuddered--"but the facts remain that once every two weeks a man of Tsagan-dhuntsa vanishes, and no trace of him is ever found. . . She leaned across the table, look-, ing earnestly into his face. "Do you think I'm mad? Perhaps I am--for sometimes I believe so. But to go on with my story. . . . Every Consul sent here within the past five years has disappeared--and they are supposed to be victims of the ghoul-soul of the Russian woman. "Unfortunately for my brother, Lance, M. Grebin, the late Consul, was a drinker--and so was his secre- tary. During our stay, which ran into many days, the three of them were often intoxicated--so intoxi- cated that they were unconscious. Whenever this occurred I was alone with Lotus-eye, the Consul's servant, and the two Cossack guards, Yashka and Alexis. But they were always very kind to me. "The second week we were here, M. Grebin's secretary disappeared-- went for a walk down by the lake and did not come back. . . . Then, two weeks later, M. Grebin vanished in the same manner. . . . After that Alexis, the Cossack, volunteered to go to Kurruk and appeal to the Con- sul there--and he left. Lance, my brother, did not drink any after M. Grebin disappeared. We were only remaining at the Consulate untH Alexis returned from Kurruk. "Then--then came the night when Lance went--three nights ago. It was snowing. About midnight I awakened and prompted by a pecul- iar psychic feeling, I got up. As I did I could have sworn that I heard someone singing, or wailing, out in the snow. I went into Lance's room, which was next to mine, and as I entered--he sprang up from his kang --and jumped through the window! I ran and leaned out--and as I did I heard an eerie, uncanny laugh. . . . I called Yashka immediately and he searched--but it was useless, for the snow destroyed all footprints." As she ended he thought he saw tears glistening in the night-blue eyes. "That is all," she said. "Alexis, who went to Kurruk, is overdue and I am afraid he encountered Tangut robbers--or Dugpas. . . . Now you can understand why I sent for you. But, listen--" Once more she leaned across the table to him. 