Where the Span Splits 99 Gates laughed. "Been to see a fortune teller?" he jeered. "No, but on the day that I finish my thirty-fifth year I shall kill my- self." "How do you know," asked my room-mate, "that you won't get angina before you're thirty-five?" "I don't, but it's hardly likely. The percentage is in my favor." Gates was beginning to be im- pressed with the fact that I was serious. He gazed at me with puzzled eyes. "Arthur," I said. "I want you to listen to me for a few moments. What I am about to tell you I have told to no other p'erson and will tell to no other person. I feel that I must unbosOm myself to someone. Will you listen seriously?" He nodded. I went on: "I am now twenty-one years old. I have excellent health, plenty of money, no troubles, domestic or otherwise, and what are regarded as excellent prospects. Yet, I tell you in cold blood that at 7:32 a. m., on April 6th, 1920, I shall end my life. That will be the exact hour of my birth, thirty-five years before. Just how I shall do it I do not yet know. Naturally I shall take the least pain- ful and least unpleasant way." "But why ?" interrupted Gates, who had been watching me with strange fascination. "That," I replied, "will develop in the course of what I am about to tell you. Understand I am not try- ing to influence you in any way. I know that you will not agree with me. When I was a boy my father and mother both died in great agony. I can see them now, gray with torture, their pallid features furrowed with the lines of suffering and the per- spiration of pain on their foreheads. I can still hear my father pleading for death--death that stood outside the door leeringly biding its time. "Afterwards I lived for many years at the home of an uncle. There I saw more suffering. I began ask- ing myself these questions--Is life worth living? If so, how long should one live? When do the tears of existence begin to outweigh the smiles? At what point in the span do the joys of carrying on no longer balance the sorrows? "In seeking answers to my inter- rogations I made a close and de- tailed study of scores of men and women. I watched their faces and searched their souls. I have con- tinued the researches at college, coldly, scientifically. I have tables and charts and masses of statistics, and the conclusions I reached by ob- servation have been borne out by analysis and precise data. And my conclusion is this: The average life after thirty-five is not worth living." I saw a "why" trembling on Gates' lips and went on: "The span of human life is seventy years. In the first thirty-five we sow, in the other thirty-five we reap. It is the Law of Compensation. The pleasures and enjoyment of existence are freely bestowed in the first half of the span, but the bills begin com- ing in with the thirty-sixth year. I have made up my mind not to pay. When the collector comes I will be out." My room-mate shook his head. "That's certainly a bizarre theory," he said. "It's not theory," I returned. "It's a fact, a grim, irresistible fact. As I told you, I have reached my con- elusions by way of scientific re- search." "But how?" asked Gates. "I don't understand." 