28 AMAZING STORIES to have a word with the major about our rations." "Say on, then," said Colonel Murphy. "What is it about your pay?" "Just this, sir; as the days are only half as long as they were, we should like to know whether our pay is to be diminished in proportion." The colonel was taken somewhat aback, and did not reply immediately, though by some significant nods towards the major, he indicated that he thought the question very reasonable. After a few moments' reflection, he replied, "It must, I think, be allowed that your pay was calculated from sun- rise to sunrise; there was no specification of what the interval should be. Your pay will continue as before. England can afford it. A buzz of approval burst involuntarily from all the men, but militai-y discipline and the respect due to their officers kept them in check from any boisterous demonstration of their satisfaction. "And now, corporal, what is your business with me?" asked Major Oliphant. "We want to know whether, as the days are only six hours long, we are to have but two meals instead of four?" The officers looked at each other, and by their glances agreed that the corporal was a man of sound common sense. "Eccentricities of nature," said the major, "can- not interfere with military regulations. It is true that there will be but an interval of an hour and a half between them, but the rule stands good--four meals a day. England is too rich to grudge her soldiers any of her soldiers' due. Yes; four meals a day." "Hurrah!" shouted the soldiers, unable this time to keep their delight within the bounds of military decorum; and, turning to the right-about, they marched away, leaving the officers to renew the all- absorbing game. However confident everyone upon the island might profess to be that succor would be sent them from their native land--for Britain never abandons any of her sons--it could not be disguised that that succor was somewhat tardy in making its appear- ance. Many and various were the conjectures to account for the delay. Perhaps England was en- grossed with domestic matters, or perhaps she was absorbed in diplomatic difficulties; or perchance, more likely than all, Northern Europe had received no tidings of the convulsion that had shattered the south. The whole party throve remarkably well up- on the liberal provisions of the commissariat de- partment, and if the officers failed to show the same tendency to embonpoint which was fast becoming characteristic of the men, it was only because they deemed it due to their rank to curtail any indul- gences which might compromise the fit of their uni- form. On the whole, time passed indifferently well. An Englishman rarely suffers from ennui, and then only in his own counti'y, when required to conform to what he calls "the humbug of society"; and the two officers, with their similar tastes, ideas, and dispositions, got on together admirably. It is not to be questioned that they were deeply affected by a sense of regret for their lost comrades, and as- tounded beyond measure at finding themselves the sole survivoi's of a garrison of 1,895 men, but with true British pluck and self-control, they had done nothing more than draw up a report that 1883 names were missing from the muster-roll. The island itself, the sole surviving fragment of an enormous pile of rock that had reared itself some 1,600 feet above the sea, was not, strictly speaking, the only land that was visible; for about twelve miles to the south there was another island, ap- parently the very counterpart of what was now oc- cupied by the Englishmen. It was only natural that this should awaken some interest even in the most imperturbable minds, and there was no doubt that the two officers, during one of the rare inter- vals when they were not absorbed in their game, had decided that it would be desirable at least to ascer- tain whether the island was deserted, or whether it might not be occupied by some others, like them- selves, survivors from the general catastrophe. Cer- tain it is that one morning, when the weather was bright and calm, they had embarked alone in the little boat, and been absent for seven or eight hours. Not even to Corporal Pim did they communicate the object of their excursion, nor say one syllable as to its result, and it could only be inferred from their manner that they were quite satisfied with what they had seen; and very shortly afterwards Major Oliphant was observed to draw up a lengthy docu- ment, which was no sooner finished than it was formally signed and sealed with the seal of the 33rd Regiment. It was directed: To the First Lord of the Admiralty, London, and kept in readiness for transmission by the first ship that should hail in sight. But time elapsed, and here was the 18th of February without an op- portunity having been afforded for any communica- tion with the British Government. At breakfast that morning, the colonel observed to the major that he was under the most decided impression that the 18th of February was a royal anniversary; and he went on to say that, although he had received no definite instructions on the sub- ject, he did not think that the peculiar circum- stances under which they found themselves should prevent them from giving the day its due military honors. The major quite concurred; and it was mutually agreed that the occasion must be honored by a bumper of port, and by a royal salute. Corporal Pim must be sent for. The corporal soon made his appearance, smacking his lips, having, by a ready intuition, found a pretext for a double morning ra- tion of spirits. "The 18th of February, you know, Pim," said the colonel; "we must have a salute of twenty-one guns." "Very good," replied Pim, a man of few words. "And take care that your fellows don't get their arms and legs blown off," added the officer. "Very good, sir," said the corporal; and he made his salute and withdrew. Of all the bombs, howitzers, and various species of artillery with which the fortress had been crowd- ed, one solitary piece remained. This was a cum- brous muzzle-loader of 9-inch caliber, and, in default of the smaller ordnance generally employed for the purpose, had to be brought into requisition for the royal salute. A sufficient number of charges having been pro- vided, the corporal brought his men to the reduct, 