34 AMAZING STORIES it is of far greater moment to ascertain' their meaning." And taking up the paper again, he said, "Perhaps we might analyze it word by word, and from its detached parts gather some clue to its sense as a whole." "What can be the meaning of all that cluster of interrogations after Gallia?" asked Servadac. Lieutenant Procope, who had hitherto not spoken, now broke his silence by saying, "I beg, gentlemen, to submit my opinion that this document goes very far to confirm my hypothesis that a fragment of the earth has been precipitated into space." Captain Servadac hesitated, and then replied, "Even if it does, I do not see how it accounts in the least for the geological character of the new asteroid." "But will you allow me for one minute to take my supposition for granted?" said Procope. "If a new little planet has been formed, as I imagine, by disin- tegration from the old, I should conjecture that Gallia is the name assigned to it by the writer of this paper. The very notes of interrogation are significant that he was in doubt what he should write." "You would presume that he was a Frenchman?" asked the count. "I should think so," replied the lieutenant. "Not much doubt about that," said Servadac; "it is all in French, except a few scattered words of English, Latin, and Italian, inserted to attract attention. He could not tell into whose hands the message would fall first." "Well, then," said Count Timascheff, "we seem to have found a name for the new world we occupy." "But what I was going especially to observe," continued the lieutenant, "is that the distance, 59,000,000 leagues, represents precisely the distance we ourselves were from the sun on the 15th. It was on that day we crossed the orbit of Mars." "Yes, true," assented the others. "And the next line," said the lieutenant, after reading it aloud, "apparently registers the distance traversed by Gallia, the new little planet, in her own orbit. Her speed, of course, we know by Kep- ler's laws, would vary according to her distance from the sun, and if she were--as I conjecture from the temperature at that date--on the 15th of Jan- uary, at her perihelion, she would be traveling twice as fast as the earth, which moves at the rate of between 50,000 and 60,000 miles an hour." "You think, then," said Servadac, with a smile, "you have determined the perihelion of our orbit; but how about the aphelion? Can you form a judg- ment as to what distance we are likely to be car- ried?" "You are asking too much," remonstrated the count. "I confess," said the lieutenant, "that just at present I am not able to clear away the uncertainty of the future; but I feel confident that by careful observation at various points we shall arrive at con- clusions which not only will determine our path, but perhaps may clear up the mystery about our geological structure." "Allow me to ask," said Count Timascheff, "whether such a new asteriod would not be subject to ordinary mechanical laws, and whether, once started, it would not have an orbit that must be immutable?" "Decidedly it would, so long as it was undisturbed by the attraction of some considerable body; but we must recollect that, compared to the great planets, Gallia must be almost infinit»simally small, and so might be attracted by a force that is irre- sistable." "Altogether, then," said Servadac, "we seem to have settled it to our entire satisfaction that we must be the population of a young little world called Gallia. Perhaps some day we may have the honor of being registered among the minor planets." "No chance of that," quickly rejoined Lieutenant Procope. "Those minor planets all are known to rotate in a narrow zone between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter; in their perihelia they cannot ap- proximate the sun as we have done; we shall not be classed with them." "Our lack of instruments," said the count, "is much to be deplored; it baffles our investigations in every way." "Ah, never mind! Keep up your courage, count!" said Servadac, cheerily. And Lieutenant Procope renewed his assurances that he entertained good hopes that every perplexity would soon be solved. "I suppose," remarked the count, "that we cannot attribute much importance to the last line: Va bene All right!! Parfait!!! The captain answered, "At least, it shows that whoever wrote it had no murmuring or complaint to make, but was quite content with the new order of things." CHAPTER XVI THE RESIDUUM OF A CONTINENT Almost unconsciously, the voyagers in the Dob- ryna fell into the habit of using Gallia as the name of the new world in which they became aware they must be making an extraordinary excursion through the realms of space. Nothing, however, was al- lowed to divert them from their ostensible object of making a survey of - the coast of the Mediter- ranean, and accordingly they persevered in follow- ing that singular boundary which had revealed it- self to their extreme astonishment. Having rounded the great promontory that had barred her farther progress to the north, the schooner skirted its upper edge. A few more lea- gues and they ought to be abreast of the shores of France. Yes, of France. But who shall describe the feelings of Hector Servadac when, instead of the charming outline of his native land, he beheld nothing but a solid bound- ary of savage rock? Who shall paint the look of consternation with which he gazed upon the stony rampart--rising perpendicularly for a thousand feet--that had replaced the shores of the smiling south? Who shall reveal the burning anxiety with which he throbbed to see beyond that cruel wall? But there seemed no hope. Onwards and on- wards the yacht made her way, and still no sign of France. It might have been supposed that Ser- vadac's previous experiences would have prepared him for the discovery that the catastrophe which had overwhelmed other sites had brought destruc- tion to his own country as well. But he had failed 