78 AMAZING STORIES how many passengers had been upon the street cars. The officials of the company, from the schedule, could pick the numbers of the cars and their crews; but who could tell of the occupants? Telephones rang with tearful pleadings. When the first rumors of the horror leaked out every wife and mother felt the clutch of panic at her heart- strings. It was a moment of historical psychology. Out of our books we had read of this strange phase of human nature that was wont to rise like a mad screeching thing out of disaster. We had never had it in Utopia. It was rumbling at first and out of exaggeration; as the tale passed farther back to the waiting thousands it gained with the repetition. Grim and terrible enough in fact, it ratioed up with reitera- tion. Perhaps after all it was not psychology. The average impulse of the human mind does not even up so exactly. In the light of what we now know it may have been the poison that had leaked into the air; the new element that was permeating the atmosphere of the city. At first it was spasmodic. The nearest witnesses of the disaster were the first victims. A strange malady began to spot out among £hose of the crowd who had been at the spot of contact. This is to be noticed. A strange affliction which from the viru- lence and rapidity of action was quite puzzling to the doctors. Those among the physicians who would consent to statement gave it out that it was breaking down of tissue. Which of course it was; the new ele- ment that was radiating through the atmosphere of the city. They did not know it then. The pity of it! The subtle, odorless pall was silently shrouding out over the city. In a short time the hospitals were full and it was necessary to call in medical aid from San Francisco. They had not even time for diagnosis. The new plague was fatal almost at conception. Happily the scien- tists made the discovery. It was the pall. At the end of three hours it was known that the death sheet was spreading out over Oakland. We may thank our stars that it was learned so early. Had the real warning come a few hours later the death list would have been appalling. A new element had been discovered; or if not a new element, at least something which was tipping over all the laws of the atmospheric envelope. A new combination that was fatal. When the news and the warning went out, panic fell upon the bay shore. But some men stuck. In the face of such terror there were those who stayed and with grimness and sacrifice hung to their posts for mankind. There are some who had said that the stuff of heroes had passed away. Let them then consider the case of John Robinson. Robinson was a telegraph operator. Until that day he was a poor unknown; not a whit better than his fellows. Now he has a name that will run in history. In the face of what he knew he remained under the blanket. The last words out of Oakland --his last message: "Whole city of Oakland in grip of strange mad- ness. Keep out of Oakland,"--following which came a haphazard personal commentary: "I can feel it coming on myself. It is like what our ancestors must have felt when they were getting drunk -- alternating desires of fight and singing--a strange sensation, light, and ecstatic with a spasmodic twitching over the forehead. Terribly thirsty. Will stick it out if I can get enough water. Never so dry in my life." Followed a lapse of silence. Then the last words: "I guess we're done for. There is some poison in the atmosphere--something. It has leaked, of course, out of this thing at Fourteenth and Broad- way. Dr. Manson of the American Institute says it is something new that is forming a fatal com- bination; but he cannot understand a new element; the quantity is too enormous. "Populace has been warned out of the city. All roads are packed with refugees. The Berkeley Hills are covered as with flies--north, east, and south and on the boats to Frisco. The poison, what- ever it is, is advancing in a ring from Fourteenth and Broadway. You have got to pass it to these old boys of science. They are staying with that ring. Already they have calculated the rate of its advance and have given warning. They don't know what it is, but they have figured just how fast it is moving. They have saved the city. "I am one of the few men now inside the wave. Out of curiosity I have stuck. I have a jug and as long as it lasts I shall stay. Strange feeling. Dry, dry, dry, as if the juice of one's life cells was turning into dust. Water evaporating almost in- stantly. It cannot pass through glass. Whatever the poison it has an affinity for moisture. Do not understand it. I have had enough--" That was all. After that there was no more news out of Oakland. It is the only word that we have out of the pall itself. It was short and dis- connected and a bit slangy; but for all that a basis from which to conjecture. It is a strange and glorious thing how some men will stick to the post of danger. This operator knew that it meant death; but he held with duty. Had he been a man of scientific training his in- formation might have been of incalculable value. However, may God bless his heroic soul! What we know is thirst! The word that came from the experts confirmed it. Some new element of force was stealing or sapping the humidity out of the atmosphere. Whether this was combining and entering into a poison could not be determined. Chemists worked frantically at the outposts of the advancing ring. In four hours it had covered the city; in six it had reached San Leandro, and was advancing on toward Haywards. It was a strange story and incredible from the beginning. No wonder the world doubted. Such a thing had never happened. We had accepted the the law of judging the future by the past; by deduc- tion; we were used to sequence and to law; to the laws of Nature. This thing did look like a miracle; which was merely because--as usually it is with "miracles"--we could not understand it. Happily, we can look back now and still place our faith in Nature. The world doubted and was afraid. Was this peril to spread slowly over the whole state of Cali- fornia and then on to the--world. Doubt always precedes terror. A tense world waited. Then came the word of reassurance--from the scientists: 