94 AMAZING STORIES but on this point the osseous symptoms rendered an exact diagnosis impossible. It was the opinion of both physicians that M. Valdemar would die about midnight on the morrow (Sunday). It was then seven o'clock on Saturday evening. On quitting the invalid's bedside to hold con- versation with myself, Doctors D- and F---- had bidden him a final farewell. It had not been their intention to return; but at my request, they agreed to look in upon the patient about ten the next night. When they had gone, I spoke freely with M. Valdemar on the subject of his approaching dis- solution, as well as, more particularly, of the ex- periment proposed. He still professed himself quite willing and even anxious to have it made, and urged me to commence it at once. A male and a female nurse were in attendance; but I did not feel myself altogether at liberty to engage in a task of this character with no more reliable witnesses than these people, in case of sudden accident, might prove. I therefore postponed operations until about eight the next night, when the arrival of a medical student with whom I had some acquaintance (Mr. Theodore L-1), relieved me from further em- barrassment. It had been my design, originally, to wait for the physicians; but I was induced to pro- ceed, first, by the urgent entreaties of M. Valde- mar, and secondly, by my conviction that I had not a moment to lose, as he was evidently sinking fast. Mr. L-l was so kind as to accede to my desire that he would take notes of all that occurred; and it is from his memoranda that what I now have to relate is, for the most part, either condensed or copied verbatim. It wanted about five minutes of eight when, tak- ing the patient's hand, I begged him to state, as distinctly as he could, to Mr. L-1, whether he (M. Valdemar) was entirely willing that I should make the experiment of mesmerizing him in his then condition. He replied feebly, yet quite audibly, "Yes, I wish to be mesmerized"--adding immediately afterward, "I fear you have deferred it too long." While he spoke thus, I commenced the passes which I had already found most effectual in sub- duing him. He was evidently influenced with the first lateral stroke of my hand across his forehead; but although I exerted all my powers, no further perceptible effect was induced until some minutes after ten o'clock when Doctors D- and F- called, according to appointment. I explained to them, in a few words, what I designed, and as they opposed no objection, saying that the patient was already in the death agony, I proceeded without hesitation--exchanging, however, the lateral passes for downward ones, and directing my gaze entirely .into the right eye of the sufferer. By this time his pulse was imperceptible and his breathing was stertorous, and at intervals of half a minute. This condition was nearly unaltered for a quarter of an hour. At the expiration of this period, how- ever, a natural although a very deep sigh escaped the bosom of the dying man, and the stertorous breathing ceased--that is to say, its stertorousness was no longer apparent; the intervals were un- diminished. The patient's extremities were of an icy coldness. At five minutes before eleven, I perceived un- equivocal signs of the mesmeric influence. The glassy roll of the eye was changed for that ex- pression of uneasy inward examination which is never seen except in cases of sleep-waking, and which it is quite impossible to mistake. With a few rapid lateral passes I made the lids quiver, as in incipient sleep, and with a few more I closed them altogether. I was not satisfied, however, with this, but continued the manipulations vigorously, and with the fullest exertion of the will, until I had completely stiffened the limbs of the slumberer, after placing them in a seemingly easy position. The legs were at full length; the arms were nearly so, and reposed on the bed at a moderate distance from the loins. The head was very slightly elevated. When I had accomplished this, it was fully mid- night, and I requested the gentlemen present to examine M. Valdemar's condition. After a few ex- periments, they admitted him to be in an unusually perfect state of mesmeric trance. The curiosity of both the physicians was greatly excited. Dr. D- resolved at once to remain with the patient all night, while Dr. F- took leave with a promise to return at daybreak. Mr. L-l and the nurses remained. We left M. Valdemar entirely undisturbed until about three o'clock in the morning, when I ap- proached him and found him in precisely the same condition as when Dr. F-went away--that is to say, he lay in the same position; the pulse was im- perceptible; the breathing was gentle (scarcely noticeable, unless through the application of a mirror to the lips); the eyes were closed naturally; and the limbs were as rigid and as cold as marble. Still, the general appearance w-as certainly not that of death. As I approached M. Valdemar I made a kind of half effort to influence his right arm into pursuit of my own, as I passed the latter gently to and fro above his person. In such experiments with this patient, I had never perfectly succeeded before, and assuredly I had little thought of succeeding now; but to my astonishmnt, his arm very readily, although feebly, followed every direction I assigned it with mine. I determined to hazard a few words of conversation. "M. Valdemar," I said, "are you asleep?" He made no answer, but I perceived a tremor about the lips, and was thus induced to repeat the ques- tion, again and again. At its third repetition, his whole frame was agitated by a very slight shiver- ing; the eyelids unclosed themselves so far as to display a white line of a ball; the lips moved slug- gishly, and from between them, in a barely audible whisper, issued the words: "Yes;--asleep now. Do not wake me!--let me die so!" I here felt the limbs and found them as rigid as ever. The right arm, as before, obeyed the direction of my hand. I questioned the sleep-waker again: "Do you still feel pain in the breast, M. Valde- mar?" The answer now was immediate, but even less audible than before: "No pain--I am dying." I did not think it advisable to disturb him further just then, and nothing more was said or done until 