THE MAN FROM THE ATOM 63 startling, possibly fatal. I had no delusions con- cerning my luck. I found Professor Martyn in his laboratory bend- ing, with the eyes of a miser counting his gold, over a tiny machine that might easily have fitted in my pocket. He did not see me for a moment, but when he finally looked up with a sigh of regret that he must tear his eyes away from his new and wonder- ful brain-child, whatever it might be, he waved me a little unsteadily into a chair, and sank down in one himself, with the machine in his lap. I waited, placing myself in what I considered a receptive mood. "Kirby," he began abruptly at last, "have you ever read your Alice in Wonderland?" I gasped, perhaps, in my surprise. "Alice in--! are you joking, Professor?" "Certainly not," he assured me. "I speak in all seriousness." "Why, yes, I have read it many times. In fact, it has always struck me as a book to appeal more to an adult than to a child. But what--I can't see just how that is important." He smiled. "Perhaps I am playing with you unduly," he said, "but do you remember the episode of the two pieces of cheese, if my own recollection is correct, one of which made one grow, the other shrink?" I assented. "But," I said incredulously, "certainly you cannot tell me you have spent your time in pre- paring magical cheeses?" He laughed aloud this time, and then, seeing my discomfort, unburdened himself of his latest triumph. "No Kirby, not just that, but I have indeed con- structed a machine that you will be incapable of be- lieving until you try it. With this little object in my lap, you could grow forever, until there was nothing left in the universe to surpass. Or you could shrink so as to observe the minutest of atoms, standing upon it as you now stand upon the earth. It is an invention that will make scientific knowl- edge perfect!" He halted with flushed face and gleaming eyes. I could find nothing to say, for the thing was collossal, magnificent in its possi- bilities. If it worked. But I could not resist a suspi- cion of so tiny a machine. "Professor, are you in absolute earnest?" I cried. "Have I ever jested about so wonderful a thing?" he retorted quietly. I knew he had not. "But surely that is merely a model?" "It is the machine itself!" II I was too astounded to speak at first. But finally, "Tell me about it," I gasped. "This is certainly the most fantastic invention you have made yet! How does it work?" "I am afraid," suggested Professor Martyn, "that you could not understand all the technical details. It is horribly complicated. And besides, I am anx- ious to try it out. But I will give you an idea of it. "Of course, you know that an object may be divi- ded in half forever, as you have learned in high school, without being entirely exhausted. It is this principle that is used in shrinking. I hardly understand the thing's mechanism myself--it was the result of an accident--but I know that the ma- chine not only divides every atom, every molecule, every electron of the body into two exactly equal parts, but it accomplishes the same feat in itself, thus keeping pace with its manipulator. The matter it removes from the body is reduced to a gaseous form, and left in the air. There are six wires that you do not see, which connect with the body, while the machine itself is placed on the chest, held by a small belt that carries wires to the front of the body where the two controlling buttons are placed. "When the user wishes to grow, he presses the upper button, and the machine then extracts atoms from the air which it converts, by a reverse method from the first, into atoms identical to certain others in the body, the two atoms thus formed joining into one large particle of twice the original size. "As I said, I have little idea of my invention ex- cept that it works by means of atomic energy. I was intending to make an atomic energy motor, when I observed certain parts to increase and diminish strangely in size. It was practically by blind instinct that I have worked the thing up. And now I fear I shall not be able to discover the source of my atomic energy until I can put together, with great care, another such machine, for I am afraid to risk taking this apart for analysis." "And I," I said suddenly, with the awe I felt for such a discovery quite perceptible, I fear, in my tone, "I am to try out this machine?" "If you are willing," he said simply. "You must realize, of course, that there are a multitude of un- known dangers. I know nothing of the complete effects of the machine. But my experiments on in- animate objects have seemed satisfactory." "I am willing to take any risks," I said enthu- siastically, "If you are willing to risk your great machine. Why, don't you realize, Professor, that this will revolutionize Science? There is noth- ing, hardly, that will be unknown. Astronomy will be complete, for there will be nothing to do but to in- crease in size enough to observe beyond our at- mosphere, or one could stand upon worlds like rocks to examine others." "Exactly. I have calculated that the effect of a huge foot covering whole countries would be slight, so equally distributed would the weights be. Prob- ably it would rest upon tall buildings and trees with ease. But in space, of course, no support should be necessary. "And then, as you said, one could shrink until the mysteries of electrons would be revealed. Of course, there would be danger in descending into apparent nothingness, not knowing where a new world-atom could be found upon which to stand. But dangers must be risked." "But now, Kirby," remarked the Professor offi- cially, "time passes, and I should like you to make IN "Alice in the Looking Glass" the beautiful play of of fancy which gave immortal fame to a logician and mathematician we read of the mysterious change in sice of the heroine, the charming little Alice. It tells how she grew large and small according to what she ate. But here we have increase in size and pushed to its utmost limit. Here we have treated the growth of a man to cosmic dimensions. And we are told of his strange sensation and are led up to a sudden startling and impressive conclusion, and are taken through the picture of his emotions and despair. 