OFF ON A COMET 11 that I was a swallow flying over the Montmartre, but I never experienced anything of this kind be- fore; it must be peculiar to the coast of Algeria." Servadac was stupefied; he felt instinctively that he was not dreaming, and yet was powerless to solve the mystery. He was not, however, the man to puzzle himself for long over any insoluble problem. "Come what may," he presently exclaimed, "we will make up our minds for the future to be surprised at nothing." "Right, captain," replied Ben Zoof; "and, first of all, let us settle our little score with Count Tima- scheff." Beyond the ditch lay a small piece of meadow land, about an acre in extent. A soft and delicious herb- age carpeted the soil, whilst trees formed a charm- ing framework to the whole. No spot could have been chosen more suitable for the meeting between the two adversaries. Servadac cast a hasty glance round. No one was in sight. "We are the first on the field," he said. "Not so sure of that, sir," said Ben Zoof. "What do you mean?" asked Servadac, looking at his watch, which he had set as nearly as possible by the sun before leaving the gourbi; "it is not nine o'lock yet." "Look up there, sir. I am much mistaken if that is not the sun;" and as Ben Zoof spoke, he pointed directly overhead to where a faint white disc was dimly visible through the haze of clouds. "Nonsense!" exclaimed Servadac. "How can the sun be in the zenith, in the month of January, in lat. 39° N.?" "Can't say, sir. I only know the sun is there; and at the rate he has been traveling, I would lay my cap to a dish of couscous that in less than three hours he will have set." Hector Servadac mute and motionless, stood with folded arms. Presently he roused himself, and be- gan to look about again. "What means all this?" he murmured. "Laws of gravity disturbed! Points of the compass reversed! The length of day re- duced one half! Surely this will indefinitely post- pone my meeting with the count. Something has happened; Ben Zoof and I cannot both be mad!" The orderly, meantime, surveyed his master with the greatest equanimity; no phenomenon, however extraordinary, would have drawn from him a single exclamation of surprise. "Do you see anyone, Ben Zoof?" asked the captain, at last. "No one, sir; the count has evidently been and gone." "But supposing that to be the case," persisted the captain, "my seconds would have waited, and not seeing me, would have come on towards the gourbi. I can only conclude that they have been unable to get here; and as for Count Timascheff--" Without finishing his sentence, Captain Servadac, thinking it just probable that the count, as on the previous evening, might come by water, walked to the ridge of rock that overhung the shore, in order to ascertain if the Dobryna were anywhere in sight. But the sea was deserted, and for the first time the captain noticed that, although the wind was calm, the waters were unusually agitated, and seethed and foamed as though they were boiling. It was very certain that the yacht would have found a difficulty in holding her own in such a swell. An- other thing that now struck Servadac was the extra- ordinary contraction of the horizon. Under ordi- nary circumstances, his elevated position would have allowed him a radius of vision at least five and twenty miles in length; but the terrestrial sphere seemed, in the course of the last few hours, to have become considerably reduced in volume, and he could now see for a distance of only six miles in every direction. Meantime, with-the agility of a monkey, Ben Zoof had clambered to the top of a eucalyptus, and from his lofty perch was surveying the country to the south, as well as towards both Tenes and Mos- taganem. On descending, he informed the cap- tain that the plain was deserted. "We will make our way to the river, and get over into Mostaganem," said the captain. The Shelif was not more than a mile and a half from the meadow, but no time was to be lost if the two men were to reach the town before night- fall. Though still hidden by heavy clouds, the sun was evidently declining fast; and what was equally inexplicable, it was not following the oblique curve that in these latitudes and at this time of year might be expected, but was sinking perpendicularly down to the horizon. As he went along, Captain Servadac pondered deeply. Perchance some unheard-of phenomenon had modified the rotary motion of the globe; or perhaps the Algerian coast had been transported beyond the equator into the southern hemisphere. Yet the earth, with the exception of the alteration in its convexity, in this part of Africa at least, seemed to have undergone no change of any very great importance. As far as the eye could reach, the shore was, as it had ever been, a succession of cliffs, beach, and arid rocks, tinged with a red ferruginous hue. To the south--if south, in this inverted order of things, it might still be called-- the face of the country also appeared unaltered, and some leagues away, the peaks of the Merdeyah mountains still retained their accustomed outline. Presently a rift in the clouds gave passage to an oblique ray of light that clearly proved that the sun was setting in the east. "Well, I am curious to know what they think of all this at Mostaganem," said the captain. "I won- der, too, what the Minister of War will say when he receives a telegram informing him that his Afri- can colony has become, not morally, but physically disorganized; that the cardinal points are at vari- ance with ordinary rules, and that the sun in the -month of January is shining down vertically upon our heads." Ben Zoof, whose ideas of discipline were ex- tremely rigid, at once suggested that the colony should be put under the surveillance of the police, that the cardinal points should be placed under re- straint, and that the sun should be shot for breach of discipline. Meantime, they were both advancing with the utmost speed. The decompression of the atmo- sphere made the specific gravity of their bodies extraordinarily light, and they ran like hares and leaped like chamois. Leaving the devious windings of the footpath, they went as a crow would fly across the country. Hedges, trees, and streams were cleared at a bound, and under these conditions Ben Zoof felt that he could have overstepped Mont- martre at a single stride. The earth seemed as 