THE MAN WHO SAVED THE EARTH 77 The spot: Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland, California. Fortunately the thousands of employees in the stores about had not yet come out for their lunch- eons. The lapse that it takes to put a hat on, or to pat a ribbon, saved a thousand lives. One shudders to think of what would have happened had the spot been crowded. Even so, it was too impossible and too terrible to be true. Such things could not hap- pen. At high noon: Two street-cars crossing Four- teenth on Broadway--two cars with the-same joggle and bump and the same aspect of any of a hundred thousand at a traffic corner. The -wonder is--there were so few people. A Telegraph car outgoing, and a Broadway car coming in. The traffic police- man at his post had just given his signal. Two automobiles were passing and a single pedestrian, so it is said, was working his way diagonally across the corner. Of this we are not certain. It was a moment that impinged on miracle. Even as we recount it, knowing, as we do, the explana- tion, we sense the impossibility of the event. A phenomenon that holds out and, in spite of our find- ings, lingers into the miraculous. To be and not to be. One moment life and action, an ordinary scene of existent monotony; and the next moment noth- ing. The spot, the intersection of the street, the passing street-cars, the two automobiles, pedestrian, the policeman--non-existent! When events are in- stantaneous reports are apt to be misleading. This is what we find. Some of those who beheld it, report a flash of bluish white light; others that it was of a greenish or even a violet hue; and others, no doubt of strong- er vision, that it was not only of a predominant color but that it was shot and sparkled with a myriad specks of flame and burning. It gave no warning and it made no sound; not even a whir. Like a hot breath out of the void. Whatever the forces that had focused, they were destruction. There was no Fourteenth and Broad- way. The two automobiles, the two street-cars, the pedestrian, the policeman had been whiffed away as if they had never existed. In place of the inter- section of the thoroughfares was a yawning gulf that looked down into the center of the earth to a depth of nausea. It was instantaneous; it was without sound; no warning. A tremendous force of unlimited poten- tiality had been loosed to kinetic violence. It was the suddenness and the silence that belied credence. We were accustomed to associate all disaster with confusion; calamity has an affinity with pandemo- nium, all things of terror climax into sound. In this case there was no sound. Hence the wonder. A hole or bore forty feet in diameter. Without a particle of warning and without a bit of confu- sion. The spectators one and all aver that at first they took it for nothing more than the effect of startled eyesight. Almost subtle. It was not until after a full minute's reflection that they became aware that a miracle had been wrought before their, faces. Then the crowd rushed up and with awe and now awakened terror gazed down into that ter- rible pit. We say "terrible" because in this case it is an exact adjective. The strangest hole that man ever looked into. It was so deep that at first it appeared to have no bottom; not even the strongest eyesight could penetrate the smoldering blackness that shrouded the depths descending. It took a stout heart and courage to stand and hold one's head on the brink for even a minute. It was straight and precipitous; a perfect circle in shape; with sides as smooth as the effect of ma- chine work, the pavement and stone curb had been cut as if by a razor. Of the two street cars, two automobiles and their occupants there was nothing. The whole thing so silent and complete. Not even the spectators could really believe it. It was a hard thing to believe. The newspapers themselves, when the news came clamoring, accept- ed it with reluctance. It was too much like a hoax. Not until the most trusted reporters had gone and had wired in their reports would they even con- sider it. Then the whole world sat up and took notice. A miracle! Like Oakland's Press we all of us doubted that hole. We had attained almost every- thing that was worth the knowing; we were the masters of the earth and its secrets and we were proud of our wisdom; naturally we refused such reports all out of reason. It must be a hoax. But the wires were persistent. Came corrobora- tion. A reliable news-gathering organization soon was coming through with elaborate and detailed accounts of just what was happening. We had the news from the highest and most reputable author- ity. And still we doubted. It was the story itself that brought the doubting; its touch on miracle. It was too easy to pick on the reporter. There might be a hole, and all that; but this thing of no explana- tion! A bomb perhaps? No noise? Some new explosive? No such thing? Well, how did we know? It was better than a miracle. Then came the scientists. As soon as could be men of great minds had been hustled to the scene. The world had long been accustomed to accept with- out quibble the dictum of these great specialists of fact. With their train of accomplishments be- hind them we would hardly be consistent were we to doubt them. We know the scientist and his habits. He is the one man who will believe nothing until it is proved. It is his profession, and for that we pay him. He can catch the smallest bug that ever crawled out of an atom and give it a name so long that a Polish wrestler, if he had to bear it, would break under the burden. It is his very knack of getting in under that has given us our civilization. You don't baffle a scientist in our Utopia. It can't be done. Which is one of the very reasons why we began to believe in the miracle. In a few moments a crowd of many thousands had gathered about the spot; the throng grew so dense that there was peril of some of them being crowded into the pit at the center. It took all the spare policemen of the city to beat them back far enough to string ropes from the corners. For blocks the streets were packed with wondering thousands. Street traffic was impossible. It was necessary to divert the cars to a roundabout route to keep the arteries open to the suburbs. Wild rumors spread over the city. No one knew 