110 The Mummers' World    marry the Princess Helena, so that when Anitza appears upon the scene, the Queen thinks she cannot do better than obey her father. Which moves Anitza to speak to Prince Stephen, and she finds the prince very like her lover, Franz. Of course, Stephen and Franz are one and the same, and when a revolution is under way and ultimately succeeds, the future King of Bargravia becomes the country's, first president, and with the bars of caste down, weds Mistress Anitza.  There is a goodly measure of charm about this concoction, but it is the satire rather than anything else that makes "The Royal Vagabond" the healthy suc- cess it is. Only those who have seen the two versions of this musical piece can realize and appreciate what Mr. Cohan has done with an old-fashioned skeleton.  Much of the music is lovely, my pref- erence being for "Where the Cherry Blossoms Fall" and "Love of Mine." These two numbers, with a stirring march song, "Democracy," are the work of Dr. Anselm Goetzl. Mr. Cohan him- self has supplied a brace of hints in "Good-by, Bargravia," and "In a King- dom of Our Own," the last winning countless encores through the introduc- tion of some very attractive children, skilfully drilled. "Charming" is a pretty number by Joseph McCarthy and Harry Tierney, and, lastly, Sir Arthur Sullivan is resurrected for "The Flowers That Bloom in the Spring."  This gem from "The Mikado" is sung by Robinson Newbold, who, incidentally, must be credited with the individual hit of the evening. Mr. Newbold, whose bid to fame hitherto has been his resemblance to Raymond Hitchcock, now comes for- ward as a successful comedian on his own. His humor is legitimate and it may safely be said he has arrived. Opposite him in many of the scenes appears Fran- ces Demarest, as the First Lady of the Bath. Miss Demarest is as handsome as ever, and acquits herself with credit throughout the performance.     The dual role of the prince and revolu- tionist is played by Frederic Santley, a brother of the more famous Joseph; and while Mr. Santley is an improvement over his predecessor, the thought is there that he is a trifle plump for a romantic role. He looks better as the prince than he does as the revolutionist. Tessa Kosta is pleasing as Anitza, singing and look- ing well throughout. Winifred Harris is "every inch a queen" in her long, trailing gowns, and Grace Fisher is a lovely Princess Helena, whom the prince re- fused--probably because he heard her sing. John Goldsworthy, besides know- ing how to read lines, makes a handsome Colonel Petroff, and Louis Simon scores second comedy honors as Janku, an apothecary.  As in all Cohan shows, dancing be- comes an important part of "The Royal Vagabond," and from the Soldiers' Chorus to the featured principals, there is much excellent dancing. Dorothy Dickson, who seems to be the legitimate successor to Mrs. Castle, has a little girl air, and a charming trick of lifting one shoulder which should assure her suc- cess even were she a less gifted danseuse. I think I like Miss Dickson the best of present day dancers. With Carl Hyson, her partner off-stage as well as on, she gives an exhibition of some grotesque stepping which, in the vernacular, was a riot. Another charming dancer was Mary Eaton, a pretty blonde, who seemed as light as thistledown. Then, there were Gladys Zell and Edna Pierre who at- tempted more syncopated measures with Mr. Santley and Mr. Robinson.  The three acts are beautifully staged, and the costuming is charming, yet every- thing is in good taste, a thing of brains as well as money. Deservedly so, "The Royal Vagabond" is the most successful musical entertainment in New York.  Another excellent and successful mu- sical piece is on view at the Shubert The- atre, "Good Morning, Judge," built from the Pinero farce, "The Magistrate." This