Ferdinand Reyher 75    replenished in the last few weeks to rip- ple a response to the gust of her sense of humor.  "You wait and see what develops be- fore you try to label this meeting," he answered. "You're going to have a real career in the business world open out before you."  It was the second time he had used the magic word "career" in application to her.  Hatty did not get Miss Tracy's job at once, but the first time she held it for almost a week before a Miss Silverstein came to grace Morningfield, Carew &amp; McCullough with the glittering and brand new array of commercial arma- ment she had just purchased with fifty dollars and a few weeks' attendance at a business college. Miss Silverstein had been in the office only a week when the well-known roar sounded from old man Carew office telling the others that Miss Silverstein was going to Washington. The old man, fuming out of his private grotto of wrath a little later, stopped dead before Hatty and suddenly bel- lowed at her:  "Ten thousand cripes now, why don't you go to Washington next!"  "Oh, I guess I'll stick round a bit," she answered unabashed. "You people- 've been pretty white t'me."  He glared at her, turned on his heel without another word, and retired to his burrow. A few minutes later, Mr. Hol- ling was seen entering old man Carew's private office. He came out, went back to his desk, and another few minutes elapsing, the old man himself reappeared and bellowed across the room:  "Miss Weller! C'm here!"  Strangely, this time Hatty entered into old man Carew's presence with greater trepidation than upon that memorable occasion when she went in to take his dictation.  "Holling tells me you're a pretty clever body. That cost and percentage charting you was doing when Miss Tracy left didn't prove no such thing, however; however, however, Miss Weller, I'll give you 'nother chance. I'll treat you easy f'r three or four days; but then--you've got to have that work abs'lutely in hand. D'ye understand? I'll give ye till then t'get onto Miss Tracy's old work, and it's got to be done perfect then."  Hatty's eyes opened wide. Miss Tracy had been an old employe; she was an ex- pert typist and stenographer, and al- though she was never called upon to take shorthand notes, she had spent on the average of half of each day in type- writing.  "Bu--but, I ain't no stenographer--I can't typewrite--you know that, don't you, Mr. Carew?"  "Know that! Great blazes, do I know that! O' course I know that; there ain't no such thing as a stenographer left, so d'ye think I'd think you could be one! Mr. Holling's goin' to tell you what you got to know about this new work. There'll be a lot o' typin' to do, and you'll have to dictate notes and stuff. What- ever there is, you give t' Miss Rosamere. She'll be assigned t'you. You're her boss now, see!"  Hatty nearly fainted. Estelle Rosa- mere, that regal, squirrel-collared blond! Hatty's stenographer! Hatty Weller, boss over Miss Rosamere, the disdainful Miss Rosamere. In a half trance, she rose and wafted herself out of old man Carew's office with another dream zephyr to drift her farther skyward following her in the form of his last words:  "But it's my good advice t'ye to pick up typewriting and shorthand as speed- 'ly as possible, Miss Weller. Your pay'll be twenty-two-fifty, if you make good."  Hatty made good. For once, life lost its carnival aspect for her and she en- listed in the sober ranks of the serious- minded. It is true that Miss Rosamere Was unable to stand the preposterous and ignominous insult to her regal granduer when asked to consider Harriet Weller as her immediate superior. But the day