Nancy Shore 21    he lectured to a jeering populace on the undiscovered subject of eugenics. Later, the whole village taunted the "cityfied Swede" when he opened the school house, and tried to teach. Came the night when Egbert, the visionary, Egbert the dream- er, died--he who had only loved one thing more than wisdom--and that one thing a cruel, scornful woman.  "Karen, Karen, don't give up. Make it give you something, life, I mean, be- cause we have given it so many lives! Oh, win something, you poor, poor child!" he had moaned, clinging to his sis- ter's hand and tossing to and fro on the shoddy mattress of what had once been the bridal-suite bed of the Hansen Hotel. "Karen, they pushed us here, they pushed us into hell! My mother, what did she give me? Weakness and a dreamer's brain filled with taunting visions! God in Heaven, what have I not wanted to -do!" He turned away, his thin hand clutching his throat, his saintlike face filled with memories of the beauties of the world which he had been allowed but to glimpse, not possess. "And he, my father, what did he give me? He made me an animal, a grovelling animal. Now I am dying, and that is their fault, too. In all my life, never have I been warm and never have I had enough to eat. Now I implore you--make life give you something--to--to love!"  After Egbert died, no one came to the Hotel--the fear of death had won out over even cheapness.  The beautiful square house of dreams was deserted except for Karen, her father, her mother, aud one old aunt.  Karen scattered her memories to the winds of the past, and peering up into the shadowy depths of hay above her head, asked again the question that for years she had been repeating: What was Life giving her, what was she giving Life? The answer came in terms of work, work and study, kindness to people who, all along the beach, sought her out in times of sickness. Work and study     --not such a bad way to spend life, she reasoned, if only the first lessons had not been so bitter, if only the work were not so unending!  Now he had come back!  Karen shook her head, as if by the mere movement she could do away with truant thoughts. She wanted no taunt- ing visions of the one happy time in her life. Her gesture was futile--mem- ories, sweetly insistent, crowded into her brain.  She saw the deserted summer houses with boarded-up windows, blinking blind- ly at the winter sea. Then she saw one house where a light had gleamed like a friendly beacon through many a winter night. She knew every nook and cranny of that house on the cliffs. And though for years she had not set foot within it, she felt the sensation of home steal over her as she thought of it. It was there she had gone to nurse the broken, illtreated body of Kent Dutton back to some semblance of life.  "Hello, Norse Queen!" he had mocked, when he had recovered from weeks of delirious stupor, following an injury received in a disgraceful motor wreck. "Hello, Norse Queen," he said, recognizing his nurse, "how is the tribe of Hansen? Still gathering dead fish for garden sass?"  Karen longed to despise the man for his very weakness. He had possessed everything that she had so desired, and he had wilfully cast his life up in broken bits. This man who had all the genius denied to Egbert, merely lay counting the hours, until he should be strong enough for new dissipation.  That same Fate which had handed Karen only worthless remnants of life out of which to make a thing called existence, grinned and played a strange joke on Kent Dutton. Fate shuffled the cards called Propinquity, Strength, De- spondency and Love, together with one marked Karen--and spread them before his listless hands.