24 The Harbor    are not to worry. Even if he has come to take me, I shall not go. I shall stay here with you--always. As long as you need me, I stay. That I promise!" Karen's eyes showed great surprise and pity when her mother teetered to her, and standing on tiptoe, pressed her flabby cheek against the girl's glowing face.  "One good child left to me--one good child." The words were a croon of sheer contentment.  Karen, her mind filled with a strange mingling of joy and peace, stooped and patted her mother's head. Then she turned away, seeking air, freedom, peace, which she knew she could find if she went forth alone.  From a tiny house among the pines, she heard a wavering voice singing soft- ly: "Oh, happy harbor of God's Saints; Oh, sweet and pleasant shore!" Mrs. Davis, who spent all her time in what had once been merely a summer home, who had lost position, wealth, family and friends, could still sit at her tiny organ and praise God for the place wherein she spent her days.  "It is a harbor, isn't it--this beach of ours, where if we only look for it, we can find every form of contentment?" Mrs. Davis said, coming to her door, and smiling at Karen's look of unbelief and sarcasm. "Did the little old people like the wreathed bossy? Did you tell them that the flowers themselves had a his- tory?"  Abruptly, without the slightest warn- ing, Karen, who had never sought solace on her own mother's bosom, found her- self weeping her heart out in another woman's arms. The whole pitiful tale tumbled forth, and as Mrs. Davis kissed the poor, starved lips, she murmured over and over again:  "Aye, a harbor of God's saints--of God's saints!"  Strangely comforted, Karen went once more on her way along the cliffs. From the moment when she had given her     promise to her mother, she knew that she must seek out Kent and tell him. She had thought to put the task aside, but Fate hurried her on until she came in sight of the familiar cottage and once more called the call which she and Kent in the past had used so often.  Kent answered, and stood staring at her, as amazed to see her as she was at his appearance. He was a new Kent, a man re-born, the eternal light of life shining from his steady eyes, the strength of manhood vitalizing his straight body. He raised his arm in a sign of joyful greeting. Karen, the girl for whom he had gone on such a strange, stern jour- ney, stood before him, her hair, flecked with mist, falling about her face like a silver halo.  "Karen, Karen, look at me! I'm back, I'm good. You can trust me now. I don't need your strength, I have my own. All that I need now is your love," he called, as if he were merely finishing a sentence started years before. "I tried to go to the very depths, but every place I went you went along--to pull me back. I could never forget you! I'm through with the mess of life. I'm sane, and be- loved, I am worthy of you--worthy." He turned into the house, to return with a sheaf of writings which he displayed as a child might show to a teacher a completed lesson. "People like them, I can't write enough, but they were all just for you." He stared at Karen a moment and a frown slid into a groove between his eyes. "You are too thin, and you are too sad, but I shall change all that, my beloved." He laughed a bit, as if he were remembering things he thought she had forgotten; things concerning the man he once had been. However, in his mind was but one vital question. They were too old, he knew to hide their emotions. They did not have to sham as their time for make-believe was long since passed. The beach, in winter, was a thing with- out finery and trimming, a thing funda- mental, and their love was of the winter