66 "Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back"    Mr. Holling, took Hatty affectionately to itself. It remains to be said that Mr. Denham, having engaged Hatty in what was certainly a facetious moment, did play fairly with her--as fairly as a super- stitious man who in a crisis plays the limit on a hunch. She seemed to bring luck, for in the next three days the firm engaged seven girls who could take dicta- tion if it were given to them as elemen- tarily and distinctly as a starter in a race says: "Get ready! Set! Go!" and would even put in a punctuation mark where it belonged if a pistol were fired. Mr. Denham never waved the high sign of dismissal at Hatty, although as a ste- nographer she was as useful to the firm as the elevator starter on the ground floor. Gradually, she drifted into the role of a kind of sublimated office girl, criss-cross- ing the rooms on small errands which eventually gave her a certain librarian's knowledge of the company for which every one found constant and increasing use. With it all, she remained forever "just Hatty," darting to and fro like a dragon fly; glimmering with slangy laugh- ter, chewing gum, giving a rapier retort to every pin prick of witticism addressed to her. It was always "Hatty, get me that Spurgis report; I think it's File 28, or 38!" "Hatty, where's that Ashbrot, Taffel &amp; Drey fuss, Pittsburgh, memoran- dum Mr. Denham was asking for?" "Hatty, where's this?" and "Hatty, where's that?" Yet she never seemed to be doing anything; seemingly surfeited with time enough to try fantastic finger- ing systems on typewriters left unguarded for a moment; time to relieve Tessie Edelsohn at the switchboard for a quar- ter of an hour; time to--seemingly, there was nothing for which she could not find time. The keen edge of even Mr. Holl- ing's resentment at the presence of any- thing so capricious as Hatty in a sober office blunted into grim acceptance. His last outburst against her occurred on the afternoon when he came upon Hatty showing Victor, one of the office boys,     how to make practical drinking cups out of bond paper, legal size.  "Young lady, isn't there anything you can find to do here besides destroying office material and wasting the time of these boys?" he fussed, reaching round Hatty for the paper cup holder, that at this moment, was paper cupless.  Hatty calmly handed him the drinking cup she had just taught Victor to make.  " 'Ere y'are, Mr. 'Ollin'!" she clipped triumphantly at him.  He glared at her for a moment, and then actually snatched the cup out of her hand.  "I'll tell you what's wrong with you, Mr. 'Ollin'," said the astonishing Hatty, coolly folding another sheet of paper into a drinking cup. "You're a reg'lar busi- ness man, awright, awright; but you're not a reg'lar guy."  With that, she tossed Victor the other drinking cup and walked away, leaving Mr. Holling so agitated that his fingers clutched convulsively on the drinking cup he held and pressed open its edges, so that a trickle of cool spring water de- scended upon his immaculate waistcoat and trousers.  Fate had been kind to both the office and Hatty in keeping her away from her principal source of danger--old man Carew. In a moment of hysteric eccen- tricity, he had really been responsible for her; in a similar moment of outraged wil- fulness, he might have been equally re- sponsible for her abrupt departure. Some day, of course, a dramatic collision between those two fantastic personalities would take place, and daily the office awaited it; and with every day fatuously hoped it would be deferred. Came a day when the old man was in one of his usual bad moods, and in the afternoon he sud- denly stalked out of his private office and glared about him. It just happened that not one of the stenographers was in the room with the exception of Hatty, who was picking out "Now is the time for the good brown fox to jump over the lazy