The Live Book for July  The Secret City    PAINTING a midget with a highly elaborated mountain as a back- ground is scarcely fair to the midg- et. It could not be blamed for complain- ing of the artist's judgment of relative values. It is very nice for the mountain, but the bit of a thing standing as the central figure has a sorry enough time.  Indeed, it is hardly fair to the artist. His background overwhelms him; rises portentous and awful, and the midget, for which, after all, the picture was painted, is lost in the confusion of dis- jointed proportions.  Hugh Walpole, in The Secret City (George H. Doran Company, $1.60), has told a third-rate story against a first-rate background. The setting for his latest novel is nothing less than the Russian Revolution, but the story is merely the everlasting triangle with a sort of fourth side dragged in for good measure. Mr. Walpole assumes to know Russians; that is to say, he must be a sort of demigod, shining like the angels. To know the Russian is to grasp the scope of human passions as dominating men and women and directed by the irrespon- sible whim of children. Mr. Walpole says he has sensed all of this and he pro- ceeds to exhibit men and women who do not differ, as far as can be judged at this distance, from the men and women the best known Russian writers have cre- ated. Hence, they must be true.  As hinted, the story is slim enough and as to the accuracy of his picture of the Revolution, one can only guess. Accurate or not, it reads well and the arrangement induces a dramatic tension.     It is interesting to note that Mr. Wal- pole has sounded the first indication that the French Revolution, for purposes of fiction, is henceforth passé. However, the similarity of the two mighty events has already been so strenuously noted that the reader will not be at all confused by the fiction dealing with the Russian upheaval. The book is worth reading as an indication of what one may expect, in addition to the fact that it is, in itself, a creditable work.  Marie Corelli is still writing. You may not believe it, but assuredly it is true. Age seems not to have given hesitation to her pen. Naturally, it is not surpris- ing that she is turning to the question of rejuvenation. Her latest offering, The Young Diana (George H. Doran, $1.50), in no sense a novel, deals with the acquisition of beauty and youth by a homely spinster. Surely the book shows Miss Corelli at her worst. It lacks plot, ingenuity, care in construction, human sympathy, understanding, ideals, inter- est, originality. Outside of these trifling defects, it may be a great work.  The Flail, by Newton Fuessle (Moffat, Yard &amp; Company, $1.60), analyzes the psychology of an American born Ger- man boy before and during the war. Take the first two books, that is the first two hundred pages, throw them away, and give the last two books your attention, and you will have a rather good picture of the ambitious German- American caught in the throes of the great conflict.  Judith of Blue Lake Ranch, by Jack- son Gregory (Charles Scribner's Sons,   103