16 The Harbor   Hay over head, earth beneath feet, a peaceful cow, a tiny stool, and a deep- chested woman, made a picture of the far Northland, not connected with the wind-swept beach and its rows of sum- mer cottages and its toy railroad. Karen, glancing about the old stable, sensed the picture she made, and allowed her thoughts to be led away, down strange pathways of the distant past, bringing weird visions before her, making for- gotten scenes creep forth to haunt the remote corners of that dusty, straw- stuffed barn.  Years before, there had been a wed- ding feast in Norway. There had been fiddlers and many guests--girls in great caps and men in gayly embroidered vests. Old women cooked incessantly while a priest waited in a mountain chapel to perform the ceremony. The groom, a tall boy with a great shock of unruly hair, stared avidly at a little thing in a stiff, jeweled lace cap, who, for all her shy glances, was so soon to be his wife. There had been singing all day long.  Just before the wedding hour, another group of guests arrived--cousins from a far-off mountain hamlet. The last guest to dismount from the coach was a girl, who peered up at the groom-to-be, a trifle amazed at the great size of the man her cousin had decided to marry. From her black bodice the sleeves of white, misty muslin stood out like airy, fairy wings; her flat gold braids were wound round and round her capless head; her shoulders were crossed with silver chains, from which fluttered tiny red and blue tassels. She did not hurry about with her cousin admiring the linen chests, or tasting the foods for the feast. She never stirred to mingle with the dancers. She merely sat, her little hands, unmarred by work, folded in her smooth, silken lap, her slippered feet swinging, and stared at the boy with the unruly hair. The boy, feeling a good bit ignored in the mad preparations for his     own wedding, believing that the linens and the food were entirely too attractive to his bride, glanced once too often at the little mountain girl, whose eyes had never left his face. All of her dream- filled mind seemed to shine out of her gray eyes as she answered his smiles. She was a dreamer, a spirit maiden of the North, and she did not know that the tall boy was merely a healthy young animal with a sudden desire to crush her pale, flat braids beneath his lips. Abruptly, just as the wedding peals were sounding, the boy picked up the little stranger, and much to the alarm and horror of the wedding guests, ran down the mountain with her in his arms and disappeared.  After days of hard work; after months of want and suffering; after times of hunger, times of remorse, the couple, she with her fluffy sleeves droopy and dirty, he with his wedding vest torn by toil and his face blanched by hardship, went on board a great ship bound for America.  Karen had been born in the steerage of that ship, which after a storm-bound, miserable voyage, had spewed a strange cargo of humanity upon an unwelcoming, bleak pier.  A Norse fishing village on Long Fin- ger Point had sheltered the tall man, with the mussed, unruly hair, the wee, frightened girl, with the tousled, pale braids, and the squalling Karen. On a meadow behind the Point, the man built a hut, a mere mud hut, with a flat stone before the door, and the hut had been the home of the man, the girl, the baby, and the cow.  When Karen was eleven months old, a little sister arrived, and when that atom was two days old, her mother, with Karen tugging at her skirts, had gone forth to milk, to plow, and to hoe the potatoes. She had discovered, among other startling facts which marriage had forced upon her, that the boy who had carried her down the mountains, who