78 "Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back"    thirty-five. When Johnny came march- ing home--what? She felt a new, in- tense love for the work. She felt at that minute she would fight to hold it. Not even to be Mrs. Clarence Holling would she give it up. Under Mr. Holling's edu- cational promptings she had read articles on "Woman's Work After the War," and had listened to several exceedingly plausible women preachers whose eternal text was:  "What the women have gained during the war, they do not intend to relinquish in peace."  She had become well acquainted with the magic word "career," and even the phrase "women's rights, social, civil, and political" had no terrors for her. When Johnny came marching home-what?  That night, when Mr. Holling bent to kiss her, as they stood before her door, she again thought incongruously enough, of Johnny Lamb. Involuntarily, she turned her head slightly so that the kiss fell on her cheek.  On Thanksgiving Day Mr. Holling presented her with a handsome nutria fur coat, with a wolf collar. It was his most sumptuous present to her; so sumptuous indeed that it almost alarmed her mother. But that lady, who had as much of what was once fondly termed "parental con- trol" over her daughter as a weather vane has over the winds, wisely said nothing. On Christmas, Mr. Holling outdid the fur coat with a flawless solitaire which, with a little speech, reassured Mrs. Wel- ler, Senior, and the engagement of Har- riet Weller to Clarence Holling was thereby announced to the family.  III  Then, Johnny did come marching home.  It was a beautiful April day, with the world swathed in a delicious softness as delicate as lavender tulle. Hatty saw him almost first of all; and he certainly, for     the moment, saw no one else in the big outer office but her. Swiftly, he went to her and took both her hands.  "Hatty!" he whispered, as he gripped her fingers.  She looked up into his wide, blue, sun- shiny eyes; a whirl of panic seizing her. Suddenly something in her heart seemed to break away from the moorings to which she had tied herself with Mr. Hol- ling's aid--and she had the impression of staggering out into a great storm-bound void. The actual, corporeal Johnny Lamb was so much more vital than her memory of him!  "Hello, my hero!" she giggled, afraid that he would kiss her, afraid that he would not; baffled by both fears.  The comparatively few men and women who had been in the office when he had worked there crowded round him to her relief, and it was fully a half hour before he reached the door of old man Carew's private office. Mr. Holling stood there.  "I wan' to see the ol'--Mr. Carew," said Johnny.  "He's out now, Lamb. Is there any- thing I can do for you?"  There was a cool edge of antagonism in Mr. Holling's voice.  "Out? When'll he be back?"  "Sometime this afternoon."  "Where's Mr. Denham?"  "He's not in this office any longer. He has charge of the Eighteenth Street building." Mr. Holling scrutinized, with an almost impersonal dislike, the well- built, tanned boy in uniform before him. "Is there anything I can do for you?" he repeated.  "Well, it's jus' this. I don' wan' to waste any time. I've got my discharge, and I wan' to start right in again. D'ye think Mr. Carew 'll wan' me t' c'm in the mornin'?"  Mr. Holling coughed slightly.  "Well, Lamb, you see, it's this way," he said softly. "I rather think there's no vacancy here just now--in fact, I know there isn't. We've taken one or two of