Nancy Shore 15    The old Auntie sidled away across the porch, to return carrying a rusty bucket which she was polishing on her red flannel petticoat. Her exposed, thin, old legs looked, somehow, childish in their white, hand-knit socks, above heavy, muddy shoes.  "No, no, Auntie; can't start in with a rusty bucket; have to be clean, have to try to run a dairy now, see?" Karen said, as if she were trying to teach a lesson to a child. Auntie hung her head and muttered about the old days, her shaking chin a forerunner of tears. "Here, dear, you may carry in the wreath and Mother may bring out the shining new pail," Karen went on, desperately trying to keep peace by a great show of fairness. In a second, the little mother brought out a new and shining pail.  "Karen, on my birthday, I have news for you--on my birthday," she an- nounced in a harsh, excited whisper, slipping along over the frozen grass to- wards Karen. The girl paused, a bar of sunshine polishing the pail on her arm, and bent nearer, the better to hear her mother. "But he has come back-- he on the hill. When you had gone for the cow--which then we did not know we had--he came, he came by calling for you, just the same, just the same."  The pail fell to the ground with a crash. The cow, forgotten, wandered off over the frost-stiffened flowers of a deserted garden. Karen stooped nearer and nearer to her mother.  "Mother, no--it cannot be. Kent could not come again, not now. Oh, he was too slow!" Unbelief filled her voice. "I am old, oh, I am old," she added so softly that even her mother did not hear her nor know why her eyes wandered away over the dismal garden, only to return and settle on her mud-covered, work-broken boots. "Oh, and I am ugly!" she said, slowly raising her eyes to her red hands, as if it took physical things to make her understand how truly time can change beauty.     "I can not help it--he came." Only the disjointed arrangement of her sen- tence marked Karen's mother as a for- eigner. She started for the house, but once more came teetering back.  "I said to Auntie that it was but more trouble, but more trouble. I said to her that it was to be expected, that even more may be put upon us. I told her; you will not have to speak with her about it, too!" The old lady sighed sharply, taking her breath into her lungs with a rattle, as if even the effort to breathe hurt. Her sentences were per- meated with fatalism; she seemed to be announcing a proved fact.  "Listen, little, foolish Mother. Long, long ago we decided all about the man on the hill." Karen spoke as if she had become a child to please a child. "We settled it all; don't worry over him and the people here in this square house. Look! we have the cow, and the square house, the beautiful square house, and Auntie, and the meeting with the spirits of your youth. Why, you are in great luck, little Mother. You know just what you believe--so, after all, you have your heart's desire!"  Karen enumerated her mother's treas- ures as one does a child's stock of toys. She stooped above her, gave the sunken gray eyes a sweet, courageous look, pulled the shawl closer about the bent shoulders, trying against her own will to put her mother's mind at rest.  Her mother's only answer was a far- away look, and with another rattling sigh, she turned from Karen, muttering over and over: "Heart's desire, heart's desire!"  Karen led the cow across a frost- hardened meadow to a sagging roofed barn, which leaned crazily away from the buffeting winds of the coast. She pulled at the door, tramping down the encroaching meadow grass to allow it to swing open, and jerked the cow into the deserted, shadowy place. Seated on a three-legged stool, she began to milk.   2--L. S.