40 Illusions    gers, faith mocks honor and makes a butt of God. . . .  I went back into the blur of casual, rippling speech, which sounded like the noise of some futile brook after one has stood transfixed and appalled before the power and awfulness of Niagara. Some- body was dissecting the last hand of bridge; there was a little outbreak of light laughter from the group where Johnny Blent was holding forth, untir- ing buffoon that he will be till he dies. I instinctively, looked about for Marcia. She needed me, now. I must find her, find her before she guessed. . . .  She came in from the terrace as I searched for her. Something swelled achingly in my throat at the sight of her, erect, proud, smiling that cool, re- mote, inscrutable smile that seemed to lift her above us, like a mildly enter- tained goddess looking down on the amusing antics of men. She had about her shoulders a wrap of black Spanish lace that made her seem curiously old, for the instant before my eyes met hers. Then she came toward me, and I saw the blaze and glow in them and knew that she was young.  "It's a night for all the gods, Jim," she said, in her throaty, whispering voice. "Let's have our share of it. It's blas- phemy--this electric counterfeit."  We went out. I managed to choose the west window. Marcia's hand slipped through the bend of my arm as we stepped out on the terrace. I could feel that it was steady, and her voice was cool and even and level. She must have seen what I had seen, and yet, with her life tumbling in dust and ashes about her, she could laugh in that low, cool music, and drink in the penetrating, ach- ing beauty of the night.  I don't know how long we sat on the old marble seat that Harry Loring smuggled out of Italy. I remember that some harsh-voiced night bird yawped dismally in the bulked shadows of the evergreens and the distant complaint of     surf throbbed eternally in my brain. I was thinking hard, seeking a way out-- for Marcia. I found it, at the last, with a stab of self-scorn for my blindness. My time had come for speech--after the silent years.  ". . .It aches, doesn't it, Jimmy--the moonlight and the night and the blend- ing voices of it? Do you feel the pain in it all? Does it seem to be telling you to hurry, hurry, hurry, before life twists out of your clutch and deserts you, with a mocking, taunting chuckle?"  I had her hands in mine. Words came to me. I cannot set them down. They do not matter. She understood. I should have been afraid of her clear, cool anger, but I was not. We had passed beyond the petty levels where offense is easy. Perhaps, because I had forgotten that I loved her as a man loves only once in his life, because I was eager to stand between her and the rude shock of dis- illusion, awakening, she found no injury in my speech. So I sat in the moonlight and told Porter Cresson's wife that I loved her, and was not ashamed, and did not anger her.  I stopped. There was a moment of black stillness between us, a tense, strain- ing instant like the hush that seems to come before the thunderbolt. Then Mar- cia laughed. It was like some unearthly sound--her quiet, low, round laughter. Her hands tightened ever so slightly in mine.  "Dear old Jim! Do you dream I have- n't known? I brought you here, so that the moon would make you tell me. I-- I wanted to hear--"  I could only grope in a sudden ra- diance that was more blinding than the dark. For an instant, I almost believed what I wanted to believe--that Marcia cared for me, in some mysterious miracle of transformation. Then, as my uni- verse cleared, I understood. Marcia would do exactly this; a lesser woman would have turned to me for spite, per- haps, to soothe her wounded pride. But