84 The Long Arm in the Clearing    the dense thicket. A moment later Cur- tis, accompanied by a nondescript hound and carrying a shotgun, came into view. From his hand dangled a brace of ducks.  "I'm glad you came," he said soberly, shaking hands. "More glad than you can imagine," he finished significantly.  There was a furtive look in his eyes, and I noted that he glanced nervously about him as we approached the house. It was as if the gloom of the place had got into his blood.  "What's the mystery, and why are you here?" I asked sharply. "The last I heard, you were in Richmond, organiz- ing a power company."  "Help me chuck together something to eat and I'll spin you the yarn after- ward," he answered, kicking open the ramshackle kitchen door as we came to it. "Some of it I can give you, maybe, while you pick the feathers off one of those ducks." He applied a match to the wick of an oil lamp standing on a table.  I stood looking curiously about the place, while Curtis set about building a fire in the stove.  "What's that circular clump of trees for out there?" I asked, as I peeled off coat and waistcoat.  "I don't know," he answered shortly. "Pete--that's the dog here--doesn't ap- prove of it, though. He growls and sticks his back up every time he passes it. A 'coon probably lives there. Throw me that box of matches."  During the process of preparing sup- per, Curtis told me that he had always known he had an uncle somewhere in the south of Virginia, but never having seen him, had paid little attention to the relationship. He had recalled hear- ing his father speak of a brother, a naturalist, who lived the life of a recluse, and that the old gentleman seemed de- liberately to have cut himself off from this family to pursue his researches. Cur- tis was more than a little surprised, there- fore, when, one morning of the week     before, he had received a letter, signed with his uncle's name, asking him to come and visit for a day or two on a matter of some importance.  "The letter rambled a little, and spoke vaguely of something that would aston- ish the scientific world," said Curtis. "I'll show it to you later on, if you like. Anyway, having a vacation due, a few days ago, I packed a bag and came out here to see the old chap."  "Here?" I echoed, startled. "Then, where's the uncle?"  "Ah, there's the mystery," he replied, and I caught the apprehension in his tones. "We'll talk about that a little later on. It's something that I believe will be pretty sure to stir up the brain reactions of the prosecuting attorney of Pasquotank County in a way that will do him a lot of good."  "For your information, the said at- torney feels he has about all the mental exercise he wants in the ordinary tasks of his office," I replied. "I've noticed that North Carolina counties seem to find enough for their officials to do with- out going outside said counties."  "Huh!" retorted Curtis. "This isn't outside. This section of the Swamp is in your county. So it's up to you, anyway." After the supper had been cleared off, Curtis went straight to the point.  "My uncle's name is Henry Curtis," he said. "As I told you in the note, there's a mystery here that is worth tak- ing hold of. Anyway, it has given me half a dozen good hard thrills in the few days I've been here. As a starter, I'd like to find my uncle."  "Where has he gone?" I asked. "That's the reason I sent for you," Curtis answered. "As I told you, I packed a bag and came down here when I got his letter. The same nigger who brought you brought me, and he was afraid to come ashore. Said there were devils here. However, the vital fact is that when I got here not a sign of my good uncle's presence could I find, nor