74 "Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back"    to her, and Hatty, long entrenched in the armor of instantaneous slang, felt that his sentences reproved, with loving cor- rection her own maltreatment of lan- guage. She, consequently, lost in speech with him, a bit of her cheeky independ- ence; imperceptibly, she was toned down, and whole hours passed when she forgot to replace the verbal chip that she had always carried upon the trim, Georgette curve of her lovely little shoulder.  It was five minutes of five and Hatty began zigzagging across the outer office toward the dressing room.  "Miss Weller!"  Only two people called her "Miss Wel- ler" in the office--old man Carew and Mr. Holling. She turned. Mr. Holling was coming toward her, a sheaf of pa- pers in his hand.  "Miss Weller, the office is frightfully crowded for time. There's a special job to be done on these papers, and Miss Tracy, who was to go over them, has just told Mr. Carew that she cannot stay to-night--she's going down to Washing- ton at midnight and has to pack. Will you help us out--I can show you what has to be done by going over these with you for a few minutes?"  Hatty gasped. Miss Tracy leaving, and she was being asked to step into her place, even if it were for only one even- ing!  "Why, sure, Mr. Holling. I'll call up and tell my mother I'm not comin' home for dinner."  "Fine. Don't worry about your din- ner--we'll have that together."  Until this evening, Hatty had been a kind of free lance in the office, a sort of independently operating bureau of trivial information and petty emergencies. Now, for the first time, she was assuming the importance of a definite cog in the machinery of Morningfield, Carew &amp; McCullough.  "Do you know what I should do if I were you?" said Mr. Holling a little later as they sat in the restaurant. He had     evidenced the craft of his courtship in this matter of dinner, too. As they went out together from the office, he had said to her: "Now, we can only allow our- selves thirty minutes for dinner. I'll regret it more than you will, of course," and he had smiled pleasantly. "This is what I should do if I were you," he con- tinued. "I should study business meth- ods, office detail, and every bit of work that came my way, as though they were chapters of some new, racy novel. Miss Weller, here's your big chance. Men are leaving us every day, the girls are leaving us day and night, and at the same time, the necessity of the times demands that we keep right on, speed up, and even expand. If ever you had a chance, here it is. Stay with Morningfield, Carew &amp; McCullough, and the firm will not forget you, and everything possible will be done to broaden your opportunities. Do you know, I think you're an exceptional per- son. I can speak frankly, can't I? Well, you have had no training worth speaking of; you've never really taken things seriously, simply because you were never trained to do so. Now the time has come when the big chance belongs to those who are equipped, not with training, but with ability. Ability, you honestly have. Will you give me the opportunity of being very good friends with you--and of help- ing you?"  He looked with candid gaze across the table at her.  "Well--I don' see exactly how we can be enemies after that," she answered. His offer was worded hardly so much as an offer as an expression of interest in her; but there was in his words a warmth of cordiality that vaguely startled her.  "Shake hands on it," he said.  As she shook hands with him, she broke into laughter.  "Say, what is this, a lodge meetin' o' the Thirty-first Amalgamated Alliance of Soft Soapers?"  He started somewhat; but his parched reservoir of humor had been sufficiently