30 Studies in Saffron    faith in the dried beetles, powdered snake skins and weird herb concoctions of the charlatan practitioners of his na- tive province, he submitted himself to the Foreign Devil doctor, who sent his pa- tient to a base hospital in the far back area to lie tightly bandaged and fretfully inactive behind the smiling, inscrutable mask of a face that showed above the coarse nightshirt like a yellow full moon peeping over a white cloud-bank.  The hospital was filled with severe casualties, but those who were approach- ing convalescence found much to amuse them in Foo Chow's set grin and humor- ous pidgin English. With the nurses and doctors too, he made himself a great favorite. Stoically patient, habitually good-natured, blindly obedient, his "Can do" marked him even here in his en- forced inactivity, for, if it were a case of waiting for his dressing to be changed, his food to be served, or even a drink of water when the fever parched him and the hurried, worried nurses would ask, "You wait just a little while, Foo Chow?" his answer, though it often taxed him more than anyone, least of all the nurses, suspected, was always, "Can do."  The hospital was an old château, seem- ingly far enough from war's ghastly ac- tivities to be safe. But the enemy bird- men, like carrion vultures, must needs pay it their usual attention. Every now and then one of these winged sneaks, escaping through the Allied patrol, marked it for his target. The ears of the patients, quickened by danger, grew to recognize the hum of friend or foe, and the nurses and attendants stood ready at almost any time to herd or carry their patients into the deep cellar when occasion required. The hospital, like all others, being pitifully shorthanded, the less severe cases helped or carried their more unfortunate brothers in affliction to th*e comparative safety of the far downstairs. Just before Foo Chow's arrival there had been several scares     that had strung the nerves of all the in- mates up to the highest tension. A playful airman had sown the flower beds with bombs, and it was a settled convic- tion among the patients that he would come back some day, or night, and rec- tify his error in judgment.  The sorely worried nurse warned her Oriental patient of this danger and gave him minute instructions as to reaching the cellar, his ward being on the second floor. Foo Chow listened with his usual respectful attention, but no apparent in- terest.  "We have so much trouble with the patients who can't walk," she concluded. "If the airman he come, you think you can get down there alone?"  "Allee light," replied Foo Chow quiet- ly. "Can do," and apparently dismissed the matter entirely from his mind.  But as the uneventful days went on with no return visit, the ward grew less apprehensive. Foo Chow, comfortable as long as he lay in one position, but not being able to read and handicapped by his lack of fluent English, grew restless. The nurse had some difficulty in keeping him to his bed and from getting up and wandering about the ward, quiet being the one thing now necessary to overcome the strain he had undergone.  "Now, Foo, you must promise me you will not get up and try to walk. You know, inside all broken up--you try to walk now you break him all more. Then you never walk at all again," she warned.  "No, no, can do now. Belly, he no more jump um," Foo would insist, but the nurse and the doctor were obdurate, and so Foo Chow, obedient by nature and custom, lay outwardly still, but in- wardly planning the many things that he still thought he could do.  It was just about this time that the Hun birdman took to play a return date. There was a full moon to aid him in his dastardly work, and he came humming over like a gigantic dragon-fly. The pa- tients, recognizing from afar the drone