116 White Treasure   tated and so angry. She had not believed it possible that he could give way to such violent emotion. She liked him less than ever, and carefully drew away from him. One madman had taken her in his arms and kissed her. She would not suffer an- other to do so.  He burst out furiously:  "I thought before, that I fought Keene for the greatest of all stakes. I was mistaken. You are thrown into the bal- ance. Platinum and the woman! I mean to have them both. Let him look to it! Good-by."  By the time Longfield took up the pur- suit, Keene was well on his way to Bay San Juan. The engineer, in a swift au- tomobile, had been able to catch the early morning newspaper express at a station far up the line. He had succeeded in concealing his movements perfectly. Longfield; however, was not worried by his disappearance. He was sure that Keene would remember where he had concealed the platinum, and supposed that his delay in disposing of it had risen from some difficulty in the negotiations.  At any rate, the discoveries of the past few hours would precipitate matters, and Longfield had no doubt that, if he could get to the place whence the woman had witnessed the fight, he would there find Keene and the platinum. Barbara Le- Moyne had not told him where that place was, but he knew where he had met her, and she was, he reasoned, a person of sufficient importance for him easily to find where she had camped and possibly some of the men who had guided or otherwise served her. With that knowl- edge, the rest would be easy.  He summoned half a dozen trusted assistants, gave them explicit instruc- tions, and they all boarded the same train that afternoon. They were suitably dis- guised, got on the train separately, did not recognize one another, and debarked at stations before and after the one near- est that for Bay San Juan. Their move- ments, by Longfield's direction, were ex-     ceedingly circumspect. Longfield, in view of the emergency, had ventured upon the risky act of chartering a special engine and car, and had preceded them up the line.  When they arrived at the rendezvous, they found him awaiting them with weapons, two automobiles, and one Dempsey, a deputy sheriff, whose services he had enlisted. Dempsey had been one of Miss LeMoyne's party. He had heard her account and had joined in the search for the missing Keene on that day of battle. Dempsey was told that Longfield was an agent of the U. S. Secret Service, and papers were exhibited that appeared to substantiate the claim that he was on the trail of a dangerous enemy of the government, a traitor and a German sym- pathizer. Dempsey was asked, as an of- ficer of the law, to assist in thwarting the plan and capturing the man. Longfield declared that he would swear out a war- rant against the accused for the murder of the Malays, and that the rest would be easy.  He so inflamed the mind of the honest, if not very bright, official, that Dempsey was ready for anything. He offered to organize a posse, but Longfield declared this was not neccessary, as he had avail- able certain deputies of his own whom he had brought with him. Dempsey guided them to the place of Miss LeMoyne's camp, which they reached late at night, and offered at once to lead them to the scene of the encounter, which was several miles away.  Now, Longfield had also discovered from the station agent that Keene had preceded him, that he had inquired the way to Bay San Juan, that he had pur- chased a few supplies, and had ridden off alone that morning on a horse hired from the local livery stable.  Longfield knew that Keene had brought off and concealed over six thousand pounds of the precious metal. He could not carry it alone. He could not even get it ready for transportation by others