40 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE fallen off at the time the gunfighter threw and choked him. A second time Gallatin fell, on his side, arms outflung, entirely relaxed. The gun he had tried to draw stuck half out of the scabbard; Hallock bent, jerked it up and thrust it in his own. Blood from the wound in- flicted by the butt-end blow coursed rapidly down Chalk's countenance and dripped from his chin. "Mrs. Saunders, that Gospel-sling- er's wife, spoke o' Sue's face bein' bloody, yuh yellow cur," Hallock re- marked to the insensible man, "an' so's yuhrs, to play hunk." HE THREW away the quirt and drew a sleeve across his sweating face, feeling the effect of his strenuous session; but he was not yet free from the spell of the ugly nightmare driving him to the consummation of his venge- ance. Chalk continued to lie without movement and Hallock well knew that he was not shamming unconsciousness. After a long moment the gunfighter reached down, clamped iron fingers on one of Chalk's wrists and dragged him like a sack of meal, trudged up the slope along the trail blazed by the rolling boulder. Lugging his limp burden over the edge of the bank and around the end of the coach, Hallock propped the cow- boy, in sitting position, against the front wheel. Choking Gallatin to death, after trying it nearly to comple- tion, had appealed to Hallock as being as prosaic as shooting--and he recalled the killing of an Indian horse thief which he had witnessed in his younger days, around Deadwood Gulch. A fit- ting death for Chalk Gallatin, yellow- spined bully, bushwacker and woman- stealer, tool Happy Hoofs came walking toward her master, whickering softly as if in- quiring the reason for his prolonged ab- sence. But Hallock had no affectionate pat or word for her now. He was in the clutch of that temporary insanity which, when proven, sometimes means to a murderer the difference between a life sentence and the electric chair or hangman's noose. Unfastening his coiled lariat from the tie-straps on the saddle, Hallock returned to the side of his victim, whose head hung forward, and gong down on one knee, fitted the hampen noose around his neck. Then he squatted on his heels in front of Gallatin, waiting for his senses to re- vive. He would have assisted Chalk out of his oblivious state but no water was handy, nor had Hallock a pocket flask. Well, he could wait, he had to bide his time until he got his hands on this damned coyote; a few minutes longer wouldn't matter. Happy Hoofs, inquisitive, missing her due caresses, sidled up back of Hallock and chewed his loosely knotted neckerchief; then playfully nipped his ear. But he did not respond, which, as well as anything, manifested his mental state. He just squatted there, immobile all but his eyes, like some grim demon. Presently Chalk stirred, groaned; then he moved his head a little; the rope did not exert anything like a throt- tling pressure but it was tight, and the feel of it at his throat did more than a dash of cold water in the face to bring back consciousness. His eyes snapped open--to stare into the Satanic countenance of Hair-Trigger. "Been waitin'." said Hallock, locani- cally; he straightened. Both of Chalk's hands went up to the tight hemp and he pulled at it, shrieking, "Rope! Good Lord, Trigger, yuh goin' to hang me?" "Yuh'll only wish I was," replied Hallock. "I'm goin' to--drag yuh!" Chalk raved. "An' I always was afeared o' rope!" "Yuh're scared like a coyote pup at everything, deep down, 'ceptin' mebbe 