50 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE HALLOCK rolled a smoke, licking the flap and striking a match be- fore replying. "I can't promise, Spo- kane, because I'm gettin' the bad habit o' keepin' my word. I know I didn't clean up all the hard guys who'd like to get me an' most of 'em hang up in here. But I ain't huntin' trouble, ex- cept with one: Blackfoot Dixon, Gal- latin's sidekicker. He'll try to play hunk for Chalk's toe-up from ambush. An' I'd just as leave see him first." "I would myself," said Spokane Harry, dryly. "But, Trigger, he hasn't been in here tonight." And Spokane lied. Not that he had any regard for the hide of the quarterbreed, but he feared that a meeting between the two would mean a repetition of the Elk- horn Bar shoot-up; there were several able gunmen present, he knew, who only needed someone to take the initia- tive and they would jump Hallock. Added to the grudge they already toted against him, he had gunned friends of theirs that day. Hallock, though he had no cause to doubt the honkatonk owner's word-- and did not--elected to circulate in Spokane's joint "for a spell," as he put it. Blackfoot Dixon was likely to am- ble in. Hallock had been on the look- out for him all day--but not a sign. Nodding to the many who spoke to him, but avoiding conversation with anybody, Hallock was spectator in turn at the roulette wheel and the faro lay- out and in this way passed a half hour. He took no notice of the venemous stares of certain Colt-bristling gentle- men in the big hall, though careful not to place his back toward them. He de- cided suddenly that one of the gallery boxes fronting the small stake would be an ideal lookout, safe from rear at- tack and obtaining a view of every cor- ner of the hall as well as the stage. Go- ing upstairs, Hallock entered the first box he came to, closed the door behind him, and pulling the curtains apart, sat down at the table. A waiter thrust his head in at the door and Hallock ordered beer, then turned his gaze on the crowded floor beneath. To the come- dian in the limelight at that moment and convulsing most of the crowd with his jokes and antics, the gunfighter paid no attention. His eyes, lifting from the vivid scene of noise and movement and color below, ranged along the boxes on the gallery opposite--and stopped at the third one. The curtains were pulled back; a man, his back toward Hallock, and a familiar figure, crouched against the thin wall separating his box from the next one, which had its curtains drawn together, in an attitude of listen- ing. "Blackfoot!" Hallock swore, and clenched his fist. "Then Spokane lied, for Dixon didn't come in after me. I was watchin' too close to miss him." At the same time he thought it strange that the quarter-breed should have missed seeing him while he was circulating in the crowd on the floor. The explanation, as it seemed to him, must be that Dixon had other business on hand, and so engrossing as to dwarf the importance of a meeting with Hal- lock, likely to be a life-and-death mat- ter. It would have been of interest to the gunfighter to learn the nature of that other business even if he had none of his own to transact with Mr. Dixon. When the waiter returned with the bot- tled beer and glass, the door of Hal- lock's box stood open and he was gone. HALLOCK was not many minutes making his way across the thronged hall, up the stairs and along the narrow gallery to the box in which he had seen Blackfoot Dixon. The door was ajar. Plucking a gun from his belt and with his thumb slipped under the hammer, he was about to jerk the door wide when a commotion started in 