80 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE want the leather off him. I'll do it, Earp." He left Brazos and hurried around the end of the wagon. Earp was watering the picketed horses from a bucket. The Kid af- fectionately greeted the JG roan, which whickered and nuzzled him as he stripped away the gear. "Come and get it," came from June, over by the fire. "That's me!" chuckled Earp, hugely sniffing the fragrant coffee smell. "In just a minute." The Kid swung his saddle on his shoulder and retraced his steps to the wagon. He was a couple of paces from it when Brazos Slayden, entirely free of bonds, sprang around the end of the vehicle, swinging a nine-inch bowie. The Kid was taken by surprise, of course. He couldn't readily get at his 'sun because it hung on his right hip and the heavy saddle gear was weight- ing his right shoulder. Before he could drop the saddle and draw, Brazo's knife would be exploring his vitals. From the ugly gleam of triumph in his eyes, the waddy knew his advantage. He crouched for a leap that would carry him to the Kid's side as the latter paused, his knife arm held low against his leg for an upward thrust at the abdomen. "Greaser to the core, huh, Brazos!" exclaimed the Kid, and with the words, as Slayden launched his body, hurled the saddle which he was gripping by the horn. The forty-pound gear of leather, wood and steel smashed into the waddy as his feet left the ground, and Slayden fell, flat on his back. The Kid figured on him being a trifle stunned from the solid impact as he jumped forward, but Brazos Slayden wasn't. He was of tough fibre. He still gripped the knife- handle and, scrambling up, throwing the saddle off his chest, was already rising from his knees when the Kid forked him, horsewise, and crushed him down. Nothing would have been easier than for McCord to draw and shoot, but he had use for Brazos alive. Yet, striving to save the waddy for a future grilling, the Kid cheated his own pur- pose. His sudden, forceful landing on Slayden's back drove the waddy down on the blade of his knife--his choking cry appraised the Kid of what had oc- curred. Instantly McCord pulled to his feet and turned the man over. But too late; the bowie had bitten in up to the handle, right over the heart. EARP came running. And June! They knew, from sight of the still, prostrate form and the Kid's crestfallen attitude, standing over it, that death had visited the camp in the hollow. But they thought the Kid had killed the prisoner. "Thought you wanted to ask him things--or couldn't you help givin' him his come-up-with?" Thus spoke Earp, while his daughter stood with pale cheeks, looking down. "Accident, tough luck," replied the chagrined cowboy. "When I jumped an' smashed him down, his bowie must've been pointin' up. Didn't you search him, Earp, or is that your knife?" "Nope. An' I sure searched him." "His boots?" "Nope!" Earp looked sheepish. "That's where he packed it, o' course. Hell! Now how'd you reckon he got loose?" The Kid stepped around to the wheel to which Slayden had been trussed. He pointed as Earp and June followed, to a bandanna with two loops in it, on the ground, a sash cut in several pieces, and a slashed rope, the last hav- ing been passed around the late pris- oner's chest and through the spokes of the wheel. "There's your explanation," said the Kid. "Worked his hands out o' the 