66 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE drew a great sigh of relief and drank again. Slim had quit shouting. He hissed at him now, "Go on. Go on. Go on and drink it up. Then see what hap- pens to you." He eyed the wounded man, hating him, telling him, "And if you think you gets a whack at my can- teen you're a damn fool." The wounded man held the empty canteen to his ear and shook it. He turned it up to his mouth again, waiting to see If more water ran out. Con- vinced it was empty he took it away from cracked lips and looked around. He saw only the empty desert and a hot red sun sinking in the horizon. His bloodshot eyes came back to Slim. His eyes came away from Slim's glaring eyes, quickly, and slid down to the canteen hanging on Slims saddle. He muttered, "I'm wounded. And I'm going to need water." Slim snarled at him, jeering, "Sure you're going to need water. And try and get it." THEY kicked up their listless horses and plodded on into the sunset. From time to time they looked back over their shoulders. They rode down a rocky slope and crossed a wide sandy wash. The wounded man said, "There's been water here sometime." Slim said, "Yeah, mebbeso year be- fore last and mebbeso year after next. Why don't you wait here?" The wounded one muttered, "Damn you." They started up the farther slope and the wounded one said, "You ride ahead Slim. My horse'll travel easier if you give him a lead." Slim snarled, "Me ride ahead of you! And get shot in the back?" The other man said, "Aw now Slim, what's the good of talking that way? We're in this fix together ain't we?" Slim said, "It's you that's in the fix. I ain't in no fix." The wounded one said, "Well, damn you." They went over the crest into the sun and Slim half yelled, "Look!" The wounded one crowded his horse up close to look down at a string of burro tracks. Slim said, "Burros!" He rode along the trail, peering intently. "Four burros," he said, "Fresh." A little later he pronounced, "And a man on foot. Some old desert rat of a pros- pector." The two men looked at each other, delight, and hope, growing in bloodshot eyes. The wounded one half whispered, "There'll be water on them burros!" Slim said, "Surest thing you know." Without another word they started trailing the burros. Even the horses seemed to have taken heart from some- thing. On occasional level stretches they trotted. The wounded man asked, "How far you think he is ahead of us, Slim?" Slim said, "Can't be far. Them is fresh tracks and burros travel slow." They kicked at their horses and got a little speed out of them. Just under the crest of a ridge they went slowly, edging up to the top slowly, looking ahead, intently. The sun had dropped into the head haze and seemed to hang here, blood red, enorm- ous. The wounded one cursed the sun, bitterly, for being there, blinding their eyes to what they hoped to see. Up on the ridge they sat their horses and peered from hand shaded eyes into the sunset, searching the desert, looking for a little string of four plodding burros. Slim said, "We better ride. Follow the trail long as we can see afore dark." The other nodded and turned his head to look back to the east, relieved at turning his smarting eyes away from 