EMPTY SADDLES MEAN WAR! 77 mountains, he set about locating them. EARP had very craftily secreted him- self in a hollow at the foot of the Soldados to the right of the pass. The Kid found the camp because he was looking for it, because he knew Earp must be somewhere nearby. Otherwise he never would have suspected that three human beings, three horses and a wagon were in the vicinity. Earp had had the sense not to light a fire, not even his pipe. The hollow was deep and easily accommodated humans, ani- mals and outfit: the blanket of night made it the most secure of retreats, provided an enemy was not forewarned of their presence, and a thick fringe of trees and brush on the rim rendered it an excellent covert by day. As Earp could scarcely have known of the place beforehand, the Kid complimented his careful selection of a hideout as he finally fell on it himself and pushed among the trees and brush. "McCord?" hissed a voice in the black darkness ahead. "Sure," replied the Kid. "Good you made a noise cornin' in," said Earp's voice again, nearer this time, "for I had a finger on the trigger an' I'd 'a' crooked 'er if you'd come sneakin'. Well, you made out--or-- you wouldn't be here." "Skin o' my teeth," declared the Kid, perceiving now the darker bulk of Earp against a dark background. "You hadn't no trouble? Bueno! What about Brazos?" "He's down there in the holler," re- plied Earp, turning as the Kid brushed him and falling into step. "Showed signs o' cornin' to, just after you rode off, so I slammed him ag'in with a gun an' then hobbled him with his sash an' hanker. He's got up all Mexican, yet he ain't one." They scrambled and slid now to the bottom of the hollow, where the white cover of the wagon somewhat relieved the blackness. The voice of June Earp greeted the Kid from somewhere near it, the first time she had addressed him directly. "I'm--we're awfully glad you're back. It was mighty brave o' you to do what you did. I hadn't any idea, Mr. McCord, how the outlaws in there would act toward me. I knew--when I heard that Brazos talkin'." "Yeh, he was--is--a sample. Kid, please, Miss Earp," said Mr. McCord. "June, then," said Miss Earp. "Of all fool things, droppin' my sunbonnet. If I hadn't--" "I might not've learned somethin'," the Kid was guilty of interrupting, fac- ing the dim white oval that was the girl's face. "I found Joe Gant in there at the rustlers' camp. Yes, sir 1 " as Earp at his side started to explode. "Joe Gant, live an' kickin'--or his dou- ble. An' I reckon the Lord had the hoss sense not to make only one o' his kind. I'm makin' no mistake, Earp; he spoke to me, as Brazos, an' I saw him plain in lamp light. What do you figger, Earp?" "I just don't," replied the old man. "I shot plumb straight, I'll take oath an' the bullet was made o' lead, by grab! I seen him fall an' lay on the floor o' his office, plumb still." "An' he had stopped kickin'," said the Kid, "when I rode away from the tree he was lookin' up--a hour before you shot him! Earp, our trails is crossed a heap an' that's whatever. We both is sure we killed Gant, an' yet he's alive." "That reminds me," said Earp, "that you didn't say what for you'd--uh-- hung him. You want to?" "SURE," said the Kid. "It was jus- tice, in a way, though not as strong as your case. I'd been punchin' for him a month, liked him well enough 