28 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE anticipated need of all his cartridges and every second of time was precious. Both he and Brace were so stunned by the abduction that they exchanged but few words as they hurried along the street. "I'll get my hoss an' meet yuh back the stage station," Sam said, suddenly directing his steps aside as they came abreast of the livery-stable. Hallock nodded, wordless, and pushed on, half-running. He kept his eyes open, hoping to see one of Chalk's side-kicks; wondered if Dixon and Mc- Clintock had quit town with him. The thought of Sue helpless in such a crowd almost maddened him. He derived some relief from the reflection that Chalk, worthless as he was otherwise, doubtless had real affection for Sue and would protect her--unless her continual rebuffs and of him and his knowledge of her love for Hallock, had turned this regard to hate. That was possible. The gunfighter dashed into the stage station, shouting at Cale Halpin; "I'm wantin' Happy Hoofs, damn' pronto!" "Think I'm up in Canady?" snorted Cale, putting fingers in his ears. Then, as the full power of the blazing eyes shocked him into activity, "C'mon, Trigger, right this way to yuhr hoss an' saddle. I shore ain't danglin' nor askin' questions when yuh looks like that!" He plunged out the back door with Hallock on his heels and ran to the stable where the horses were quartered in winter. From the harness-room he dragged forth Hair-trigger's riding- gear, while the gunfighter hastened over to the corral in which Happy Hoofs was impounded. Sound of her mas- ter's voice brought the eager pinto pounding up the instant Hallock un- barred the gate. He never had to use a rope on Happy Hoofs--and rarely spurs. While he was deftly saddling, Hair-trigger told the palpitating station keeper enough to make him understand the situation. "When I see yuh ag'in, Sue will be ridin' leg an' leg with me!" Hallock exclaimed, springing astride and rolling the dust toward Main street. Sam Brace, charging along the thoroughfare on his mettlesome nag almost collided with his prospective son-in-law. "Where'n hell we goin' to head?" Sam barked. "Ain't nobody seen 'em, I reckon, 'nless it was Dixon or Me- Clintock, an' mebbe they was in the party. S'pose we see if we can foller the trail from the alley by Deerin's store." Hallock was on the point of agree- ing to tackle this uncertainty when his nervously roving eye descried a fami- liar figure on the board sidewalk in front of Spokane Harry's saloon and dance hall. "Coldiron!" he roared. "See, Sam? An' he's lookin' this way. We'll find out what he knows." HAPPY HOOFS was so crazy to run that all Hallock had to do was slacken her reins a little and she was off at arrow-speed. In a few jumps the gunfighter was alongside the angu- lar bad man, McClintock; with Sam slashing along in his dust--to be in at the death, if there was one. Holding up the paint mare's head with a firm hand. Hallock leaned from the saddle: "Mac, I can see from the grin on yuhr ugly mush yuh know what's up. I'd know yuh was lyin' if yuh said yuh didn't. Where's Chalk?" "He ain't livin' here no more, Trig- ger. Went over to Pinecreek to get married, an' he ain't cornin' back." This Coldiron said with a leer, hands studiously held off from proximity to the guns he packed. "Here's a cure for that grin o' yuhrs, Mac!" Hallock snarled, and his fist lashed out as he stood up in the stirrups. 