THE KID FROM DAMNATION VALLEY 91 "Why, hello, there," she greeted. "I was riding from Asia Lane's, and cut into the road behind you. But you wouldn't know Asia. You're a stranger, else you wouldn't have come here for water, or food. I followed you to tell you, there's water in a hole down there in Crow Creek." She raised her arm, a quirt dangling from her wrist, and pointed to a distant line of cottonwood trees and bank wil- lows. Unversed in the proprieties, all Rem knew to do was thank her and start for the creek. The girl put her horse in motion beside his. She was without artifice. Her act was a neigh- borly one, he knew. "This's the old Naslet place," she said, just to make talk. "The bank at Sageburg was robbed, more than twenty years ago. The small outfits like Nas- lel, Lane, Gordons and Rep Jones never have gotten back on their feet. But Naslet was the only one to leave." Rem stared straight ahead, cursing a blow that laid men on their backs for such a time. "Seems like," he said aloud, "they've had time to build back again." "Hard luck follows bad. There was blackleg and drouth. And," her voice lowered regretfully, "other drawbacks, too." She changed what seemed a painful subject, saying, "But I imagine you're more interested in a job? The pool of small outfits can't hire riders. Old Jack Hargish, of JH Connected, needs hands, but can't always meet his payroll. Gurt Kruss, of Bar 13, might put you on. I could speak to--" Before the girl could finish, trouble took to them with stomach-emptying abruptness. A rifle rang flatly from somewhere along the creek ahead. The bullet sounded like a gigantic wasp passing well above them. That shot, Rem knew, had been a warning. An- other one might not be. "Come on!" Rem cried. "He can easy see us out in the open." He ran his horse ahead of the girl, toward the creekside timber. As he reached the dry, rocky creekbed, a rider dashed off of a liveoak flat beyond. Rem glimpsed a fluttering yellow neckerchief and a big white hat as the man disappeared around a point of brush. "Did you see him?" The girl didn't seem frightened, only worried as she reined up beside Rem. He gave her a sidewise look. He had a hunch she'd also glimpsed the man, and probably knew him. "Barely glimpsed him," Rem told her. "But it's plain why he tried to scare us back." He rode across the creek and looked down at a cow on the ground beneath a liveoak. She'd been looped by a foreleg, pitchpoled, her neck broken. Rem turned his gaze to smoke coming through dust hastily kicked over a small fire. A calf came out of the brush. It bawled of pain of the Leaning LX brand just burned on its flank as it nosed the cow. The dead animal bore old Jock Hargish's JH Con- nected brand! Rem lifted his gaze inquiringly. The girl had a harsh, lost expression on her face. "The brand on the calf, Leaning LX, is Asia Lane's," she choked. "Asia's in town today. Makes no difference, because I know he didn't do this. No other pool man did, either." "If you know who did it, all you got to do is tell who," Rem advised. "You don't understand," she mut- tered. "There's been so much trouble --and now, this. I was just thinking. I don't believe it would be a good idea for you to strike Gurt Kruss for a job. Couldn't you just ride on, and forget what you see here?" "I can keep still about this," he ten- tatively agreed. "But how about them?" He nodded at the dead cow and the mavericked calf. For answer, 