THE KID FROM DAMNATION VALLEY 99 added to the thunderous din. Big Mitch was hammered off his feet and was dead before he hit the floor. Honor yelled at Rom, "Run for 'er," and grabbed at him. Rom screeched an oath and fired at Rem who, stepping backward, felt the slug fan his face as he tripped and fell over a chair. "Ah, damn you. I'll teach you! " An- other bullet ripped into the floor beside Rem's body. Honor shoved Rom, yelled at him again, managed to make him savvy they had to run. They belted through the doorway and hit their horses. Hargish's riders went for their guns, but a yell from their boss in the bank's doorway stopped them. "It might be some sorta trick," Hargish yelled. "Stay where you are!" Rom and Honor pounded up the street. As they turned the corner, they almost piled up on Lane and the other pool men. The pair raced on, ran out of sight over a rise and were gone. REM came out of the bar as Lane and the rest ran down and got off their horses. "Big Mitch's in the saloon, plumb dead," Rem called. "That was Honor an' my brother run out. Get back on your broncs. They got a bunch out of town, an' we got to keep them a-runnin'. Rom's so crazy mad, there's no tellin' what he might do." "No!" Kay Fraly cried, running up and planting herself in front of Rem. "Let Hargish and the others go. Don't ride after your brother--" "He ain't goin' to. Nobody ain't," Hargish snarled, motioning to his men. "I notice he never stopped them in the bar. Well, we ain't ridin' after them decoys, leavin' the bank easy to be robbed by the rest of that bunch. King, you're stayin' right here!" "You're a fool," Rem said quietly. "Have it your way." "Damn right. Now, some of you men get that outlaw outta the bar, so I can have a drink before we call the meet- in' at the bank." "Move him yourself," Lane barked. "Who the hell you think you're givin' orders to!" "Move him, boys," Hargish snapped at his men. He presented Lane and the others a stubborn, angry expression. "Givin' orders, too? You'll mighty soon be findin' out. I--" He stopped speaking with his mouth open, his eyes getting larger and larger. Then Hargish made a croaking sound and pointed out toward the range. "They--they've set fire to the range!" Hargish screamed. Stunned, the group watched a grow- ing smoke cloud, filled with flying ashes, whip into the darkening sky. Now, the roar of the wind-driven flames in pow- der-dry grass, grew in their ears. At other points, fire sprang up as Rom and his followers ran, setting their fires on the way. "No human could stop that fire," Lane croaked. "An' you're the one, Hargish, that wouldn't let us chase them, keep 'em goin'!" The street was suddenly alive with townfolks as the sky became darker and ashes began raining down into Sage- burg. The roar of the fire was loud, growing, then fading in the distance. Lane, in the group before the bank, offered up thanks. "Thank God," he cried, "our families an' homes will be safe. There ain't enough grass back in the badlands to carry the fire across the ravines an' cut canyons." A red-eyed, smoke-blackened cow- puncher raced down the street. "Hey, Jock," he called out to Hargish. "Bar 13 house is goin', an' everything at JH Connected is gone. A lot of beef bein' baked, but not as many as you'd figger. They're stampedin' into the bads." 