84 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE "What's that you said about hangin' Gant?" The sheriff was evidently mys- tified, but did not let it interfere with his vigilance over the rustler crew, and the rustlers knew it and were passive as sheepherders. "Well, I tried to hang him for the dirt he done me, but--" The Kid paused. He saw the sheriff had no idea what he was talking about, proving that Gant had said nothing regarding the lynching that patently had failed. The Kid might tell McKell later, might not, but just now he had other press- ing business elsewhere. "Where is Gant if he was with these fellers?" asked the sheriff, thinking something queer about the way the cow- boy had choked off. "Out to his ranch, I reckon," replied the Kid, busy coiling his rawhide. "An' that's where I'm goin', Mac, to get him an' bring him back to you--alive! I'd tell a man I am!" And before McKell could remon- strate--if he would--the lithe figure was in the saddle and galloping away, bent over and fastening the faithful rope in its proper place on the saddle. THE Kid raced back to the draw where he had left the Earps and after a few hurried words rode out again, with the covered wagon creaking after him. He might have ascertained without question the direction taken by Joe Gant when he cast loose from his five men had he cared to backtrack. But the Kid didn't want to waste the time. He was eager to corner Gant and would have bet anything he owned that the renegade ranchman had returned to the JG. It would be about time for him to turn up there, else his foreman and punchers, whom the Kid was sure were ignorant of their employer's dual character, would wax suspicions; un- less they were accustomed to him stay- ing away for long periods on some lying pretext. Maybe they were. The Kid hoped, as he rode, with the wagon rattling close behind, that the JG cow- boys would not be around headquar- ters; if they were and he couldn't con- vince them of Joe Gant's crookedness, there'd be a tangle. But Earp was along, Earp who had shot Gant and apparently missed, and June on whom Gant had laid hands. The punchers would believe the girl! But his fears were groundless, he dis- covered on arriving. Scouting ahead of the wagon, he left his horse by the cottonwood, where he had tried to swing Gant into eternity, and stole toward the ranch-house. He heard voices, very similar voices, so much alike in fact, that before he peered around the door, which stood open, he got the idea that Joe Gant was talk- ing loudly and angrily to himself. The Kid was looking into the office which was occupied by two men: one sitting --to be exact, tied down in a chair-- the other standing, facing the evident prisoner. The profiles of both were toward the Kid and their likeness was so remarkable that, but for the fact that the man standing was dusty from hat to boots, McCord would as readily have picked the prisoner for Joe Gant. Yet tiie prisoner was now addressing "Joe" as "Jim." "If you've set your mind on killin' me, Jim, you'll do it, so there's no use me makin' a holler. In all your devil- ment, stealin' from me as quick as you would from others since you come down from Zuni County, I've stood by you as I thought a brother oughta Seems now I'd done better if I'd given you up to the sheriff." "Well, mebbe," grunted the other. "But he prett' near had me yesterday, an' if that puncher, McCord's roan hadn't been handy to swap the grey for, I'd been caught, shore. An' say, Joe, I think McCord's hidin' in the 