16 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE "Take a chance with this shotgun if you dare! " Chalk's lips curled back. He had flushed through his white skin at her scathing arraignment; now the pallor returned, intensified, not fear--though he knew she would execute her threat if he did not take heed--but white fury, born of jealousy; her defence of the helpless two-gun man would have been evidence enough to stake the fires of that poisonous emotion without Chalk hearing, in addition, what she said un- der her breath. The expression of his eyes was abysmal; it looked for a mo- ment as if, in spite of the twin barrels, Chalk would draw and extinguish that remaining spark in Hallock. But the ex-cowboy's passion did not overmaster him to the point of recklessness; he loved his entirely worthless life first of all, and relinquished his gun-grip. Dis- trustful of him, even then, Sue Brace maintained her drop and called to her father, who had viewed her interference with a proud parental eye: "Pa, you heard Hallock. Maybe Doc Bennison can do something for him. Take him up to my room while 1 keep this glory-hunter lined." "No sooner said than done, sister!" Sam Brace moved quickly, suiting ac- tion to his words. Hallock was a dead weight and no slight one, but the sturdy saloonkeeper managed to shift him on his back, and with the daughter cover- ing his retreat, staggered to the stair- way at one end of the barroom. When Sam had passed up out of sight, Sue placed the sawed-off on the bar. "To show you, Chalk Gallatin," she said, "that I'm not afraid for myself, only afraid you might finish the cow- ard's job you started before 1 could daylight you." "Yuh'd shoot me--to save Hallock?" Gallatin's rage-inflamed eyes burned into hers. "In a minute!" she replied in a tone that admitted of no possible doubt, her chin high. "If I'd had that gun handy when you stepped through the door you'd never have unhooked a shot at Hallock. Hallock's shouting brought me out of the back room and while I was listening you-- Don't you feel low- down, Chalk Gallatin?" "Yuh--yuh," sputtered Chalk, ad- vancing on her a step, "like that Hal- lock?" "Like? I love him!" Sue amended, unblushingly. Chalk had nothing to say. The dec- laration had the effect of a gun-barrel smashing him between the eyes. He shot the girl one sinister look, then jingled to the bar and poured himself a drink. And drink after drink! Sam Brace came down the stairs and over to Sue's side. "Heart's beatin' faint--but mighty faint," he informed in a whisper that was loud enough for every ear in the silent barroom to catch. "You get Doc Bennison, Pa," di- rected Sue, "and I'll go and stay with Hallock." She gathered up Hair-trig- ger's heavy belts with the dangling hol- sters. "Supposin' doc's jiggered?" hesitated Sam; and added, "He bought a quart o' Scotch 's mornin'." "You try him, pa. If you can't bring him, I will!" The Amazon started for the stairs, clasping Hallock's artillery to her breast. Sam wheeled and vanished through the front door, chuckling. That daugh- ter of his was a royal straight flush-- you met one of her kind in a lifetime. "All belly up!" commanded Chalk Gallatin, who had not lifted his gaze from the bar while Sue remained in the room. ENSUED a concerted movement to- ward the mahogany; the bottle slid from hand to hand. No word was spo- 