42 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE Gallatin was jerked off his legs and struck the trail asprawl and was dragged like a sled. He uttered no sound, though maddened with pain; could not for the reason that his mouth was choked with earth and pebbles. Gradually his hold on the taut line, which he had retained with desperation and despair for many hundred yards, loosened, and his arms jerked along lifelessly. Hallock was picking the roughest places in the road to ride over, heading back to the spot where Chalk had stopped the stage and then stolen it. The distance was a mile or more. Hal- lock could see a horseman approaching, Sam Brace, no doubt despatched by his daughter to learn what was detaining the gunfighter. Far beyond Sam, Hal- lock could see Sue and the stage driver standing together in the road. CHAPTER VIII Thick of the Fight AS SAM rode nearer, Hallock slack- ened the pace of Happy Hoofs. "So that's how yuh finished him, huh?" said Brace, his eyes on the pitiful object at the end of the gun- fighter's rope. "Well,it's a terrible death, but he shore earned it. Hold up, Trig- ger," for Hallock was riding on, "he's dead ari yuh might's well unhitch him. Sue's stummick ain't weak, but he ain't exactly a pretty sight." Hallock drew rein. He climbed down and walked back to the bloody, ragged wreck. Sam edged his horse in and was nauseated by what he saw. "Say, yuh didn't only drag him, did yuh, Trigger!" he exclaimed. "I'm mighty glad I stopped yuh from drag- gin' him up to Sue. Say, she'd bawl yuh aplenty for this." Hallock, while freeing the noose, which was deeply embedded in Chalk's neck, related the details of his encoun- ter with Sue's abductor. "For every blow he give her I cut an' slashed him twice, I betche--an' I ain't seen her yet!" the two-gun man declared, pas- sionately, rising and beginning to coil up his rope. "Yuh're a devil when yuh get started, Trigger," breathed Sam. "I wouldn't want yuh should be campin' on my trail." "Yuh think I done wrong?" Hallock demanded, looking at the saloonkeeper squarely out of eyes that were still flecked with red. "She's yuhr daughter an' yuh was just as hot as me to pull him down." "I ain't sayin' yuh was wrong--that's yuhr way, Trigger," replied Sam calmly. "I'd 'a' shot him--'nless he got me first--that's what I'd done, an' left out the fancy work. But the way yuh did it was yuhr way, yuh was seein' red--'nough said." "Is Sue hurt much?" asked Hallock. Brace nodded. "Well, yes--but not serious, yuh savvy. He knocked her plumb out once; in the store, after he'd socked Deerin'. When she come to she was layin' across his saddle. Said he'd let her ride the hoss he was leadin' an' leave her hands ontied if she'd promise to go peaceable. She promised, an' kept it till she felt stronger; then warned him she was goin' to break it an' fought 'im tooth'n nail. But he was too strong for her, strong as she is. She didn't know nothin' about the burnin' o' the bridge as they'd got past that before she got her senses back. When they rode into Pinecreek, Chalk threatened to kill her if she asked any* body for help--an' she says he'd done it, too. She was so weak she could hardly set in the saddle--" "I'm damn' glad," struck in Hallock, vibrantly, "that Gallatin lingered to 