92 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE she extended one hand, saying, "Give me your knife." WHY he acted as he did, Rem couldn't say. He did know it was kicking dynamite around--especially for a son of Satan King. "I'll cut the brand off the cow," he said, getting down. "You haze the calf back into the brush." He opened his knife and set to work. He straightened, with a square of bloody hide in hand. "Just toss 'er up to me, an' keep your hands still." The chill words, spoken from the willows behind Rem, were ac- companied by the tap of a gunbarrel on a saddlehorn. The girl cried, "Jock Hargish!" as she wheeled her horse. Rem turned slowly, staring at the lined, bitter face of the gray-haired man. Hargish seemed perplexed, let down as he glanced at the girl. His eyes glinted evilly when he looked back at Rem. "The sound of the shot that killed my row brought me here," Hargish growled. "You're a stranger, didn't know how sound carries around here. I never thought the pool'd got to the point they'd call in a thing as low as a cow-killing' mavericker!" He sighed and said to the girl, "Miss Kay, it just don't seem you could be mixed up in anything like this." "I'm not mixed up in anything," she answered. "I was showing this stranger the way to the waterhole when that shot was taken at us to warn us back. I'm positive no pool man did this, and to keep down trouble, I asked this man to cut out that brand." "You'd go a long way to stop trouble, Miss Kay," Hargish admitted. "Reckon, though, I'll just take that hunk of hide an' this jasper, here, on to Lane's, an' have a li'l talk." "Asia's in town," she said. "As for this man--Why, I don't even know his name! " "Who are you, feller?" Hargish mo- tioned with his cocked gun. Rem steeled himself, groaning in- wardly. "My name's King." "King!" Hargish snarled. "The same name as the black devil that robbed the bank that time. I hear he sired a couple of whelps that was, aptly 'nough, called Romulus an' Remus, an' sure was bein' raised up by wolves. King! Bigod, you couldn't be--" "I'm Rem King," Rem said quietly, bracing himself against the shock of a bullet from the rancher's gun. But Hargish seemed either too stunned or too enraged to command his trigger finger. It was the girl who made a move against him. She rode forward, crying, "Rem King! And I asked you for help!" She raised the quirt that hung from her wrist, slashed him across the face, put the spurs to her horse and raced away. Stunned, Rem raised his hand and touched the welt the quirt had caused. He looked up at Hargish, as though for explanation. Hargish motioned with his gun, snarling, "Fork your hoss. Guess you ain't guilty of this. Lane'd never hire no whelp of the wolf that wrecked this range an' give Younk Fraly control of things. Just the same, you're goin' along when I show that piece of hide to Lane. An' maybe you can explain what damn skunk's plan brought you down here." "No skunk's plan," Rem assured him as they rode off. "I aim to live an honest life, try to make up for things charged against the name of King. I figured this was the country to do it in." "Yeah?" Hargish jeered. "Stop lyin'. First thing, you're all mixed up in somethin' meanln' trouble." "No," Rem denied. "But I can't understand why the girl--" "Quirted you when she learned who you was? That's Kay Fraly, feller. 