88 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE harshly, "An' after you had to be born! " Rom, thumbs hooked over his cart- ridge belt, regarded Rem maliciously, his grief for his mother secondary to a feeling of vicious joy. Estelle's death left Rom free to unbridle the hatred he held for Rem. Rom moved belliger- ently, but Honor's, "Not here," stayed him, postponing the inevitable clash. Turning, Rom led the men down the slope toward Owlhoot House. Big Mitch had watched this grave- side scene with interest. Now, the big outlaw, disliked and mistrusted by all save Rom, had a wicked smile on his lips as he followed the others. Big Mitch looked like a cat with a fat can- ary in view. Alone, Rem King knelt beside the grave. He was glad death had come to his mother in her sleep, and easily. Life hadn't been any too good to Estelle King, he realized. Rom and he had been born the same day Estelle got word of her wild, handsome husband's death. Satan King had ramrodded seven salty, wanted men when he rode out of Dam- nation Valley to rob the Sageburg bank. Of their number, only Big Mitch, Buck Honor, and an outlaw doctor called Pill had returned. Pill did all he could, and saved Es- telle's life. But the shock, grief, ordeal of bearing twins was too much for the girl. After that, the mental pattern of her life became a crazy-quilt; she was subject to bad "spells." Well, that episode in life was done with. Rem rose, and slowly, regretfully walked down toward Owlhoot House, a long, log building beside Ripple River. Conversation ceased when he entered the big main room. Rom turned from the counter that served as a bar, a wicked, wild expression on his dark, heavy face. "Been waitin' on you, so I could give orders," he sneered. "Them I don't pick for my personal bunch, start payin' double for supplies, likker, bunks an' cabins. Startin' with Honor an' Big Mitch, I'm buildin' a crew to go down an' bust the skunks that murdered my ol: man. I aim to rob the bank, an' fill the whole of Damnation Valley with their beef! "I'd done this before, hadn't been for Estelle; same as I'd stomped out your guts a long time ago, hadn't been she throwed real bad spells ever' time I even looked cross-eyed at you." Rem stood quietly, tall, slender, with brown hair and eyes in marked contrast with Rom's glowering darkness and heavier body. There was little similar- ity to mark them as brothers, much less as twins. All that had been mean and vicious in Satan King, nothing that had been good, had been passed on to Rom. "Damn you, say somethin'!" Rem's controlled attitude enraged Rom, as it always did. "You afraid to talk?" "No. I ain't afraid of you, an' the fact gripes you," Rem told him. "Your consideration for Estelle was one decent thing in your favor, Rom. What should I say about your plans? "This place is as much mine as yours __" "Like hell it is!" Rom barked. "I'm the first-born by two hours. I'm Satan's crown prince, an' don't you forget it. Why, damn you, if you hadn't been born, Estelle might not've been so child- ish, an' all, like she was." "Yeah, you're Satan's crown prince, all right," Rem admitted. He didn't waste time pointing out how unreason- able it was to blame him for Estelle's condition. Pill had said Estelle might not have been mentally unbalanced if twins hadn't arrived the same time as the news of Satan's death. HONOR had worshipped Satan and the wild, outlaw bravery the name of King stood for. He'd loved Estelle 