THE KID FROM DAMNATION VALLEY 93 She's a fine girl, even if she is friends of the pool folks, an' the niece of Younk Fraly, at the Sagebrush bank--the skunk! Kay can't help that, though. No more than she can help it her father, Mace Fraly, was killed in that bank robbery battle in Sagebrush, seven months before li'l Kay was born!" Rem gasped. Hargish grunted. "Kay's mama never lived long, damn you," the rancher snarled. "She's been dependent on Younk, who's goin' to see her married to Gurt Kruss, or I miss my guess." A blue, hopeless funk possessed Rem King. Blamed for his mother's weak- ness, hated by Buck Honor, despised by his brother; now, blamed for a range being ruined, a girl's mother and father being dead, and that girl in some diffi- culties now. What would it be like, then, after Rom came down from the Deser- tions and set his guns and gun-wolves on them? Rem was on the point of telling Jock Hargish of that danger, then withheld the words. A look at Hargish convinced Rem that a warning could serve no good purpose at the present time. WHEN they reached Sagebrush, Hargish stopped before the bank. The squatty sandstone building still bore the bullet marks of the now his- toric bloody battle when the bank was robbed. The rancher nodded at an old wagon and a team in wired, patched harness. "Asia Lane's," he grunted. "An speakin' of the devil." Hargish motioned to Rem as he slid down and confronted a stooped man in faded, patched overalls. He raised his head and said, "Howdy, Jock," in a questioning manner. "It's this," Hargish spat, holding out the grisly hunk of cowhide. "This out- law whelp of Satan King, Rem King, here, cut it off of a JH cow. The calf runnin' with her was totin' a fresh L,eanin' LX brand." His gaze leaped from Lane to Rem, then back. Lane stiffened. "A King," he croaked. "An' you use him to try an' tag me with your hoddam lie!" He moved one hand near the pocket of his old jumper that sagged with the weight of a gun. Rem, looked beyond the two men, was glad that Hargish hadn't taken his smokepole away from him. A spidery, red-faced, bleached cuss stepped out of the bank. A big, small-eyed, tallow- padded man stopped in the bank door- way, nervously mouthing a cold cigar. Rem glimpsed Kay Fraly on inside the bank, then turned to Hargish. "This Mister Lane, he ain't the man that run, down there on the creek," Rem declared. "No?" Hargish panted. "Hell, you are in with Lane, you dirty King. You're lyin' for him. If you never done it, an' Lane never--" Rem stared at the spidery man, who stopped with his hand on his gun, white Stetson pushed back, yellow neckerchief dangling. . . . CHAPTER III Skeletons From Hell SILENCE seemed to pound the street. The spidery man's right shoulder lifted, his eyelids nar- rowed. "You accusin' me?" he spat. "Yeah. You accusin' Gurt Kruss?" Hargish demanded. Now, the girl's reason for telling him to ride on and not hit Kruss for a job was plain to Rem. Plain, too, was the fact that the Bar 13 ramrod had faced this witness in order to discredit him or gun him out. "Never knew you was Gurt Kruss, an' I ain't accused you of nothin'," Rem 