WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 35 way with the girl an' she'll be plumb ready to say 'I do.' " He wheeled and almost ran from the house. "North!" he shouted at Sam Brace as he hit the saddle. CHAPTER VII Hallock Sees Red "SHOW'S we're on the right trail, all right. That's shore his bay!" Hair-trigger up beside the inert carcass of a horse, lying just off-trail, its hind legs sticking from a clump of bushes. The dead animal was equipped with all its leather gear. Hallock and Brace were five miles out of Pinecreek and had followed the main-traveled trail due north, not cer- tain they were on the right track, al- though the Reverend Saunders had seen Chalk and Sue depart in that direction, until they encountered the body of Gallatin's horse. Slipping quickly from Happy Hoofs and crashing into the brush, Hallock found on examination that the bay had broken its right fore- leg just above the fetlock, stepped in a hole somewhere, which resulted in its being shot. "That slows him up considerable," said Sam hopefully, as Hallock strode out of the bushes reporting. "His one hoss'll hafta carry double now. It's a cinch Blackfoot Dixon didn't decamp with him or he'd been along o'Chalk in Pinecreek, don't yuh think?" "Yeh," nodded Hallock absently. He wasn't caring whether Dixon--or a dozen of his breed--was ahead of him, so long as he reached end of trail in the shortest time Happy Hoofs could carry him. He was squatting over the trail, looking for the hoofmarks of Gallatin's remaining horse, the one Sue had been riding at the start. Hallock was not as good at trail-finding as he was squinting over a gunsight, nor was Brace any better, his specialties being shotgun expertness and the mixing of drinks; but it required little more than good eyesight to pick out the deeper in- dentations of shoes, telltale of extra weight put upon the horse. "We can be shore, Sam," said Hal- lock, rising and lifting foot to stirrup, "that we're on his track now. Trail's as open as print. An' he can't be so far away now." They pointed out, following the deep hoofmarks. These led at a tangent from the road north; finally circled and strung south. "He's doublin' back," Hallock re- marked, leaning over his horse's shoul- der as he galloped. "My guess is he's makin' for the Cuddy Paws, where he figgers to hole up. Only about a thou- sand places to hide in them mountains. Losin' that hoss, he had to change his plans. Can't reach 'em before night, though, slow as he's hittin' it, an' we oughta catch him." The heartening words, however, did not smooth the wrinkles of worry from Sam's brow. What the thwarted and desperate Gallatin might do to Sue was an uncertainty which kept his nerves strung to the breaking point. "I ain't used to callin' on God except to damn me or my enemies," said the saloon- keeper, "but I'm askin' Him to protect Sue." "Yuh sound religious as hell, Sam," commented Hallock, and was serious. They flung down a coulee with their horses at full stride, Sam's mount scampering at the tail of Happy Hoofs, and emerging from the mouth of the dry ravine found themselves on the stage trail. Involuntarily Hallock lifted his eyes from the ground, glanc- ing south, and fires of mingled hate and joy kindled in his heart. He shouted, no words, just shouted; and Sam Brace, 