EMPTY SADDLES MEAN WAR! 79 covered about two hundred feet that- away an' the Colts was useless, I ordered Gant to swing around an' dug in the spurs. We went skimmin' around the buttes. After us come slashin' the possay. Soon seen if I wanted to get away I'd have to dump Gant, which I did. I'd 'a' shot him then, but wanted to bump him off the way he'd figgered for me--by the rope. I played hide- an' find me with that possay on the JG range for nigh two hours an' they didn't find me. I worked around to the ranch-house when I'd lost 'em for good, meanin' to hide there an' get Gant when he come in. But I didn't have to wait none. He was there. What do you think? The yella dawg tried to make out he didn't know what I was talkin' about when I stepped into his office holdin' a drop. I took a rope off the wall, havin' too much respect for my rawhide to hang such a kiote with it, an' put it round his big bull neck an' drove him out under the cot- tonwood. Well," as he detected a little gasp from June Earp. "I won't go into no more details. But I left him dan- glin'. He'd branded me a cattle thief an' I might's well go the whole hog." "You done right!" Earp declared, in vindictive key. "By grab, that's a remarkable yarn. Puts anything I ever heard plumb in the shade. Ain't so, June?" "Sure is," agreed June. "And do you think, Kid,"--McCord's blood raced a little faster--"maybe the Mexi- can the Sheriff spoke of was Brazos?" THERE was a pause before the Kid replied. "That's headwork, I'd tell a man," he exclaimed. "No, I hadn't thought of it, June. But I bet you're right. Where you got Brazos tied? I'll--no, I'll wait '11 mornin' an' ques- tion him some. Folks, if we work careful, we're just about goin' to bust open a big mystery. Puttin' two and two together--what happened to me on the JG an' me findin' Gant in the moun- tains with that gang--shows him up as workin' two characters, rancher in Cactus Valley, boss rustler in the Sol- dados. Hell's bells! " "Think we'd better risk goin' back to town?" questioned Earp. "If Gant's alive--" "We'll stay here till mornin' any- ways," said the Kid. "We'll need a big batch o' proof. Mebbe Gant will come out o' the mountains alone: if he does, well, wait an' see if he does!" CHAPTER III AT DAWN the campers in the hol- low under the Soldados were astir. They did not have to go far for water; Earp had a two-gallon keg slung under the wagon. The Kid risked building a tiny fire of the driest brush he could find and June got out the coffee pot and frying pan. While the girl was getting the breakfast, the Kid walked over to the prisoner who was hatless and sitting on the ground with his back against a rear wheel of the wagon, to which he was tied. " 'Lo, Brazos," the Kid greeted the gaudy figure. "How's all the Rio trim- min's this mornin'? Say, boy, I got some questions to ask you after we've e't. You heard us talkin' last--" "Try 'n' get me to tell you any- thing!" growled the rustler, fixing the cowpuncher with an evil stare. "I will," nodded the Kid, "an' if I don't make out the first time, I'll try ag'in. That's me, a tryin' hombre." "Hey, Kid," called Earp from the other side of the wagon, "you want your hoss unsaddled? I never thought o' doin' it last night an' the pore critter--" "Never thought of it myself, by golly!" the Kid exclaimed. "Sure I 