86 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE --you, Mr. Joe. An' all the time you was straight an' your brother was doin' things that you got blamed for. Was he goin' to kill you? Seems like--" "Yes," said Joe Gant, "he was, after I'd shielded him for months an' stood for him stealin' from me to boot. Kid, you tried to lynch the wrong man. Bet you've been racking your brains over that. It was Jim the sheriff chased yesterday, an' he swapped horses with you while you was down on the Forty Mile bank, snakin' that calf out. Then he rode in a circle an' come up around the buttes while the sheriff was talkin' to you. He's told me about it. When you come to the ranch afterward an' jumped me, I didn't sabe what the hell was wrong, but you wouldn't listen an' you was like a tiger. No wonder! But my neck's pretty thick an' tough--an' Jim's, too, an' I reckon McKell will be testin' it soon--an' the limb' o' the cottonwood you hung me on broke just after you'd rode off. That's what saved me. Jim came along right after it broke an' carried me into the house. Thought I was near gone an' hoped so, an' put me in the cellar to finish it. But I didn't die, as you see. Jim was still here when Earp came over to gun him for annoyin' his daughter, an' that's the how o' that." "Remarkable!" exploded old Ezra "I'm a free man ag'in!" June, who had stepped back to her father's side, hugged his arm in ecstasy. "Why," said the Kid, "did Jim want to kill you, Mr. Joe, when you hadn't give him away? Hanker to get hold of the ranch an' all?" "Yep. It's a good payin' ranch, as you know, an' he was tired o' livin' just a jump or two ahead o' the sheriff." "Well, he won't have to do but one more dance an' that'll be on air," grunted the Kid ominously and facing scowling Jim Gant, Soldado citizen. "An' I left the five other hombres he quit the mountains with, with McKell at Fairchance." "Say," burst out Jim, "was you the feller wearin' Brazos Slayden's Mex hat that got away from our camp?" "SURE was. Me 'n the Earps was in the mountains hidin', an' your Brazos got too friendly an' I knocked him out an' joined your outfit that was drivin' Barton's cattle." "Where's Brazos at?" "Oh," said the Kid with a grin, "he got tangled up with his own knife. He's buried in a holler, foot o' the Sol- dados. C'mon, James, you an' me will go see the sheriff. Where's your dun hoss?" "Will somebody oblige by cuttin' me loose?" requested Joe Gant, with a laugh. Earp stepped quickly to his side and began to work on the knots. "Jim had about decided to sift a bullet under my skin, Kid, seem' I didn't die from the bite o' your rope--or rather the bite o' my rope." "Say, I'm plumb sorry 'bout that. But you know it was a mistake, Mr. Gant." The Kid was contrite. "Sure, I know," replied Joe Gant, as he rose unsteadily, assisted by Earp. "Go ahead, Kid, take that misfit out o' my sight. An' when you come back from Fairchance, you can start right in ridin' ag'in." The Kid did not immediately an- swer. He turned to catch June Earp's gaze, full of promise, upon him. The blood pounded in his temples. "Well, thanks--mebbe, Mr. Gant," he stammered. "It's mighty likely that I'll go over to Earp's ranch, though." 