WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 61 "Mebbe he is." Hallock's smile did not weaken. "Mebbe it's an exo-dus, like I heard a preacher say once. The boys don't like the idea o' me deputy sheriffin', knowin' I'll make 'em behave, I reckon. Or mebbe," his lips tighten- ing, "they figger to down me on the train when I ain't lookin'. I'll watch sharp an' thank yuh for tellin' me." THAT night when Hallock and his bride boarded the eastbound, six undesirable citizens of Derringer got on, too, thinking themselves un- observed. Sam Brace and Cale Hal- pin, who were at the depot to see the couple off, did not remark then; nor did Sue. But Hallock did, for he was watching and noted that they climbed into the smoker. He smiled grimly; he had kept the agent's information to himself. "I reckon I'll take a smoke while our bunks is bein' made up, Sue," Hallock remarked, about an hour later, as they were roaring across the bunch-grass plains. Sue suspected nothing, though she had wondered a bit why he wore his guns, as usual, under his coat. Hallock made his way to the smoker. The instant he entered the car a shot rang out from the other end. It was so unexpected that he could have done nothing, voluntarily, to save himself; but as the gun spouted the train tore round a curve, jerking Hallock off his feet. He went almost to his knees, then straightened, and sweeping back his coat and pulling his guns in two flash- ing motions, he covered the locality of his half dozen enemies, in seats close together. Blackfoot was the one who had fired. He was kneeling on a seat, facing Hallock, his gun arm resting on the back of it. Striding down the aisle, six-shooters leveled, Hallock called to the other disturbed passengers: "This ain't a holdup, friends. Just hold yuhr seats an' duck yuhr nuts, lay plumb low. There's six gents in this car that wants to get off, an' I'm invitin' 'em to step into the aisle and mosey out to the platform before lead starts singin'. Blackfoot, yuh can keep that gun--but not in yuhr hand." Blackfoot holstered it. Caught un- der Hallock's drop, the six gunmen stepped into the aisle as directed and filed to the vestibule. Hallock thrust one gun in its scabbard, closed behind them the door into the car, then pushed by Pat Brand and Blackfoot and the rest, and opened the vestibule door. "One at a time, gents," purred Hal- lock. "It's take a chance or stand an' take it." Pat Brand, first in line, sprang out as Hallock's gun prodded him. They heard no sound but the roaring of the train. Blackfoot Dixon, next, cursed the gunfighter savagely--in the white tongue--and hurled himself outward, to be engulfed by the darkness. An- other man leaped A scream floated back to the men on the platform, three waiting apprehensively to follow the man who had cried out, the fourth in merciless mood again, inexorable. As the last man jumped Hallock slammed shut the vestibule door, sheathed his other gun and re-entered the smoker. "Some passengers just got off," he said, when he stood beside his wife. "But--we didn't stop at any sta- tion." Her eyes widened in surprise. "They choosed, just the same, to get off," persisted Hallock. "Blackfoot Dixon an' Pat Brand an' friends. Six of 'em." "Oh!" Comprehension filled her fine eyes; she detected now the dying red flicker in his. She put a hand on his shoulder. "Tom, do you realize this is our honymoon?" And Hallock, unable to fathom her expression, wondered if she were re- proving him. He unbuckled his gun belts, one after the other. 