WEREWOLF OF THE SAHARA 193 altation Dale had seen as they lingered at the outer door. "Yes, it is too late now to turn back," she affirmed, "For this last time you must endure your agony. The last time, Gunnar --my beloved. It shall swiftly pass to me. Can I not bear for a brief moment what you have borne so long? Through my soul and body this devil that possesses you shall pass to El Shabur, who created it. Endure for my sake, as I for yours." "No! No! You cannot guess the ag- ony--the torture-" Dale sprang forward at her gesture, and drew about them a circle with oil poured from a long-necked phial. In- stantly the two were shut within a barrier of fire, blue as wood-hyacinths, that rose in curving, swaying, lovely pillars to the ceiling, transforming the gray salt mud to a night-sky lit with stars. (fYa goniany! O mine enemy!" El Sha- bur's deep voice held sudden anguish. "Is it thou? Through all the years thy com- ing has been known to me, yet till now I knew thee not. Who taught thee such power as this?" He strode to the fiery circle, put out a hand, drew it back scorched and black- ened to the bone. He turned in savage menace. Dale's hand flashed, poured oil in a swift practised fling about El Sha- bur's feet and touched it to leaping flame. Within this second ring the Arab stood upright. His voice boomed out like a great metal gong. "Melek Taos! Melek Taos! Have I not served thee truly? Give aid--give aid! Ruler of Wind and Stars and Fire! I am held in chains!" Dale breathed in suffocating gasps. He was cold to the marrow of his bones. He lost all sense of time--of space. He was hanging somewhere in the vast gulf of eternity. Hell battled for dominion in earth and sea and sky. "To me, Abeor! Aberer! Chavajoth! Aid--give aid!" Again the great voice called upon his demon-gods. A sudden shock made the room quiver. Dale saw that the fires grew pale. "Was I too soon? Too soon?" he asked himself in agony. "If the oil bums out before sundown-" There was a crash. On every hand the solid ancient walls were riven. Up--up leaped the blue fiery pillars. A shout of awful appeal. "Melek Taos! Master! Give aid!" With almost blinded eyes, Dale saw Gunnar drop at Merle's feet, saw in his stead a wolf-shape crouching, saw her stoop to it, kneel, kiss the great beast between the eyes, heard her clear, steady voice repeat the words of power, saw the flames sink and leap again. The issue was joined. Now! Now! God or Demon! The Arab, devil-pos- sessed, calling on his gods. Merle, fear- less before the onrush of his malice. Hate, cruel as the grave. Love, stronger than death. Dale's breath tore him. Cold! Cold! Cold to the blood in his veins! God! it was upon her! Gunnar stood in his own body, staring with wild eyes at the beast which brushed against his knee. He collapsed beside it, blind and deaf to further agony. And still El Shabur's will was unde- feated. Still beside the unconscious Gun- nar stood a wolf, its head flung up, its yellow lambent eyes fixed, remote, suf- fering. Again Dale felt himself a tiny point of conscious life swung in the womb of time. Again the forces that bear up the earth, sun, moon, and stars were caught in chaos and destruction. Again he heard the roar of fire and flood and winds that drive the seas before them. Through all the tumult there rang a voice, rallying hell's legions, waking old dark W. T.--5