WEIRD TALES 255 human tissues, and who knows in another year or so, may find the means of preserving living parrs of the human anatomy? Doctor A. Carrel, you know, has kept the heart of a chicken alive for twenty-five years. So you see, in the light of modern science, the im- possible sounds possible after all. The Tele- phone in the Library by August W. Derleth was fine. His tales are told with a prosaic naturalness carrying the illusion of reality and never disappoint one. I have never read a poor yarn by him. The Grinning Ghoul by Robert Bloch is the best thing he has ever done. It seems to me that Bloch continues to become better in each succeeding tale. The English atmosphere in The Druidic Doom wasn't convincing to me. More than half of the story was taken up by tedious de- scriptions of the legend which formed the background of the story. I found the same fault with the African desert scene of The Faceless God. Bloch is on familiar ground in his latest concoction and is no slouch with the pen. The Ruler of Fate by Jack Wil- liamson comes to a satisfactory conclusion. His characters are human beings and not like the dummies I have read in stories in other magazines. Athonee appeals to me very much, even if she wasn't a human be- ing. Aru is a despicable person and I would be delighted with the job of choking him. Golden Blood still remains as Williamson's most outstanding story. The best of the short stories was The Harbor of Ghosts by Bardine. Lethe was a very good yarn, and Mordecafs Pipe will delight the hearts of pipe connoisseurs." Concise Comments Paul M. Guignon, of Philadelphia, writes: "I am quite a reader of Weird Tales. I like the way it is distinguished from other magazines of its kind. Of all the stories you have published, I enjoyed particularly The Thing in the Fog, by Seabury Quinn, in the March issue of 1933. That story, I am sure, is a masterpiece of weird fiction." Edmond Hamilton writes from his home in Pennsylvania: "I think your June num- ber has a more arresting cover get-up than any yet. I mean the vertical story-list on the cover seems a swell idea to me, and I hope you keep it up." Mrs. H. H. Hughes, of Lawton, Okla- homa, writes: "Beginning with the first is- sue of Weird Tales, in 1923, why not take NEXT MONTH ISLE OF THE UNDEAD By Lloyd Arthur Eshbach Many readers like to read shud- dery stories that send icy thrills of horripilation up their spines and tickle the roots of their hair. This powerful tale is just what they want, for it is a goose-flesh tale of stark horror. The guests at Clifford Darrell's yachting party were enjoying themselves with dancing and love- making, when suddenly a grisly horror from out of the past swept in from the sea in an ancient galley, and claimed them for its own. The frightful fate that seized them on the dreadful island of living dead men and women makes a story that will hold your fascinated attention to the last word. This gripping novelette will be published complete in the October issue of WEIRD TALES on sale September 1 To avoid missing your copy, clip and mail this coupon today for SPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION OFFER. (You Save 25c) Weird Tales 840 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago, Ill. Enclosed find $1.00 for which send me the next five issues of WEIRD TALES to begin with the October issue. (Special offer void unless remittance is accompanied by coupon.) Name.......................................... Address ...................................... City.......................... State..........