186 WEIRD TALES able. How on earth d'you think Gunnar got it?" "From his master the sheykh. It's the sort of thing he'd need, poor fellow! It's a safeguard--oh, quite infallible." "I never know when you're serious or when you're just being idiotic. Protec- tion from what? What does it mean?" "It means that El Shabur's a cabalist. And that Gunnar is an initiate and pretty far advanced too, to be in possession of this very significant thing. He's gone a long, long way on the road--poor lad!" "He's in danger?" "Extreme and imminent danger; there's scarcely a chance to cut him free now. Better face the thing, dear. Gunnar's not in a position to love or marry any woman; he's tied body and soul to El Shabur. It's a hideous, deplorable, ghastly mess, the whole affair." He sat down beside her on the little truckle bed and took her hand. "This is my fault. I knew well enough even at Solium that there was something abnormal about Gunnar." "I love him," she answered very quiet- ly, "and nothing can ever alter that. Whatever he's done, or is--I love him." He stared at her a long minute. "And that's the damn'dest part of the whole show," he remarked with immense gravity. He turned back at the tent opening. "About that thing Gunnar gave you. Fasten the tent-flap with it if you value your soul; wear it under your dress by day, never let the sheykh catch a glimpse of it. We reach Siwa the day after to- morrow. Try not to let El Shabur know we suspect anything, meantime. Sure you're all right--not afraid?" "Not for myself. I don't understand what it's all about. But I'm afraid for my poor Gunnar. He's the sort that can't stand alone. Not like you and me, we're too hard-headed old things!" "You're a wonder. Any other girl stranded here with a half-mad native sor- cerer would go right up the pole. Tie up your tent, though, d'you hear?" "The moment you've gone. Cross my heart!" Night wore swiftly on. Dale sat smoking in his own tent, fully dressed, alert and expectant. He felt con- vinced that something was in the wind to- night. The sound of shots far off across the desert took him outside, rifle in hand. Sleep held the camp; not a man had stirred. The black Bedouin tent in which the sheykh slept was closed. No one seemed to have been disturbed except himself. Again came that queer little tug of his senses--a warning of danger near. His grip tightened on his weapon. He went on more slowly. A shadow seemed to move round the great mass of rock which had sheltered him a few hours ago. j He halted half-way between rock and camp. Should he go back and rouse the ment? Or should he go closer and inspect for himself? He walked on. s4 A high, piping wind blew' clouds across the sky. A black mass obscured the moon. He halted once more, turned back to camp in a sudden certainty of peril. Too late. A rush. A scuffle. An arm of steel clasped him from behind, a hand like a vise was clamped across his lips be- fore he could call out. His big body was enormously muscular and he fought like a tiger, threw off his assailant, shouted loudly. The strong wind shouted louder, tore his voice to shreds. It swept the black cloud from the moon too, and he saw a small band of natives, their faces veiled, knives glinting, burnooses bellying out like sails as they shouted and ran at him. They were too close to take aim. He made for the rock. Unencumbered, and a good sprinter, he reached it safely, stood with his back to it and coolly picked out one after another of his enemies. It was