WEREWOLF OF THE SAHARA 177 four caravan. It is necessary for my--my work--that I should visit Siwa very soon. I go also." Dale took die outstretched hand. "Fine! Fine! We'll make a record trip now." In his tent, Dale slept after many hours of hard, concentrated thought and in- tellectual work -- very pink, very tired, younger-looking than ever in his pro- found repose. In her tent, Merle lay quiet too. Native servants snored, shapeless co- coons in their blankets. Even the camels had stopped moaning and complaining, and couched peacefully, barracked in a semicircle. Great mounds of baggage within its wide curve lay ready for loading. Moonlight silvered long miles of grass and rushes. Leagues of shining water swung in almost tideless rhythm half a mile from camp. Gunnar looked out on the scene from his tent. What had roused him from sleep? Why was his heart thumping, and the blood drumming in his ears? He peered out into the hushed world. Tents, men, camels and baggage showed still as things on a painted canvas. He left his tent, made a noiseless detour about the sleeping camp, then frowned and stared about in all directions. A bird, rising on startled wing, made him look sharply at an old Turkish fort. It stood, grim and battered sentinel, on a near-by promontory of Solium Bay. Through its gaping ruined wails he caught a glint of fire -- green, livid, wicked flames that stained the night most evilly. "El Shabur! Already! The Pentacle of Fire!" His whisper was harsh as the faint drag of pebbles on the shore. For several min- utes he stood as if chained. Fear and anger warred with dawning resolution and a wild anxiety. Then he stumbled over to Merle's tent and tore open its flap. Flashlight in hand, he went in and stared down at the sleeping girl. She lay white and rigid as if in a trance. Gunnar toudied her forehead, took up a limp hand in his own. She gave no sign of life. He stood looking down at Hie still, waxen features. The rather square, reso- lute little face was uniformly white, even to the curved, just-parted lips. The hair seemed wrought in metal, so black and heavy and lifeless did it wave above the broad, intelligent brow. Gunnar looked in awe. The girl's animated, sparkling face was changed to something remote and strange and exquisite. Half child, half priestess. "And in a few short weeks or months/' he muttered, "El Shabur will initiate her. This is the first step. She w'ill rot-- perish--as I am doing!" He bent, in passionate horror, over the still face. "No! No! Not for you! Dear lovely child!" He clenched his hands. "But if I dis- turb him now!" For minutes he stood irresolute. Fear took him by the throat. He could not-- he could not interfere! At last his will steadied. He mastered the sick terror that made him tremble and shiver like a beaten dog. As he left the tent, he glanced back once more. "Good-bye! I'll do all I can," he promised softly. "I'd give my soul to save you--if I still had one." He ran to the headland where the old fort stood. If El Shabur's occupation was what he feared, he would neither hear nor see. Intensely concentrating on his rites, nothing in the visible world would reach him. Gunnar's calculations were justified. W. T.--4