WEREWOLF OF THE SAHARA 179 habit ruled. Anger made his will a thing of straw. "You would defy me--the Power I serve--the Power that serves me?" Gunnar felt the blood rushing to his head. His ears sang. Red mist obscured his sight. "You are a devil! And you serve devils!" he shouted. ''But you won't al- ways win the game! Curse you, El Shabur! Curse you! Curse you!" The Arab looked long into his angry eyes, and came closer. With an incred- ibly swift movement he clasped the shak- ing, furious figure. Gunnar felt dry lips touch his ears and mouth and brow, heard a low quick mutter. Then El Shabur released him suddenly, and stood back. "Ignorant and beast-like! Be what you are--slave to your own passion! You, yourself, create the devil that haunts you. Therefore are you mine--for all devils are subject to me. Be what you are! Out, beast! Howl and snarl with your own kind until the dawn." For a moment something dark scuffled in the dust at El Shabur's feet. The court- yard rang with a long, desolate howl. A shadow, lean and swift, fled from the camp, far, far out across the empty waste- land. At sunset, the next day, Dale Fleming and his caravan readied Bir Augerin, the first well on their march. They had delayed their start some hours. Merle had insisted in waiting for Gunnar, but he had not turned up. "He will join us en route," the sheykh had assured her. "He is well used to desert travel, Mademoiselle!" "But his camel?" "We will take it. He can easily hire another." "Have you no idea why he went off and left us without warning? It's so un- like him." El Shabur gave his dark unmirthful smile. "He is young. Young and careless and --undisciplined. He has--friends. Oh, he is popular! That golden hair of his-- it has a fascination. . . Merle's face crimsoned and grew pale. Dale's round face concealed his thoughts. He glanced at the Arab's lean hands that twisted a stiff length of wire rope with such slow and vicious strength. He had learned how betraying hands may be. Merle made no more objections, and at 3:30 p. m. the caravan set out. The na- tives v/ere superstitious about a journey's start. Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays were fortunate; and Saturday the luckiest of the week. At Bir Augerin, camp was quickly made. The servants drew up water from the large rectangular tank in leather buck- ets. Merle sat disconsolate to watch, and smoke, and think of Gunnar. Dale joined her, leaving the sheykh to direct the men. "I don't believe it!" Merle burst out. "About our absent friend?" "Gunnar's not that sort. I think they've had a quarrel. Dale!" She put a beseech- ing hand on his arm. "You don't think-- he wouldn't kill Gunnar!" "My prophetic bones tell me not." He patted the hand in brisk, business-like fashion. "He'll turn up and explain him- self. Don't worry. This Sheykh of the Mist's a queer old josser. About as trust- worthy as a black panther, but the boy's too useful to be killed off in a hurry. All the same--look here, Merle: keep this handy at night." He put a small snub-nosed automatic in her hand. "It's loaded. And I've taught you to use it. Listen! There are wolves on this trail. Heard 'em last night about the camp."