THE MEDICI BOOTS 199 John said, "I think I'll not disturb Su- zanne." And he went to sleep in a wide four-postered bed in a room next to his wife. Eric and the old lawyer were in rooms across the hall. The still summer night closed about the house of Silas Dickerson, and when the moon lay dying against the bank of cloud, puffed across a sky by the little wind that came before dawn, young Doctor Eric Delameter awoke, suddenly and completely, to a feeling of clammy apprehension. He had not locked his door, and now, across the grayness of the room, he saw it slowly opening. A hand was closed around the edge of the door--a woman's hand, small and white and jeweled. Eric sat straight and tense on the edge of his bed, peering across the room. A woman, young and slender, in a long, trailing gown, came toward him smiling. It was Suzanne. With a gasp, Eric watched her ap- proach till she stood directly before him. ''Suzanne! You are asleep? Suzanne, shall I call John?" He thought that perhaps he should not waken her; there were things one must remember about sleep-walkers, but physi- cians scarcely believed them. Eric was puzzled, too, by her costume. It was not a night-robe she wore, but an elaborate, trailing dress upon which em- broideries in silver shone faintly. Her short black curls were bound about three times with strands of pearly beads, her slim white arms were loaded with brace- lets. The pointed toes of little shoes peeped beneath her gown, little shoes of creamy leather. An amethyst gleamed on cach shoe. The sight of these amethystine tips af- fected Eric strangely, much as though he had looked at something hideously repul- sive. He stood up and put out a hand to touch Suzanne's arm. "Suzanne," he said, gently. "Let me take you to John. Shall I?" Suzanne looked up at him, and her brown eyes, usually so merry, were deep- ly slumberous, not with sleep, but with a look of utter abandon. She shook her pearl-bound head slowly, smilingly. "No, not John. I want you, Eric." "Mad! Suzanne must be mad!" was Eric's quick thought, but her caress was swifter than his thought. Both jewel- laden arms about his neck, Suzanne kissed him, her red lips pouting warmly upon his. "Suzanne! You don't know what you're doing." He grasped both her hands in his and with a haste that would have seemed ludicrous to him had he viewed the scene in a picture-play, he hurried her out of his room and across the hall. Eric opened her door softly and with no gentle hand shoved Suzanne inside her room. She seemed like a little animal in his grasp. She hissed at him; clawed and scratched at his hand. But when he had shut the door, she did not open it again, and after a moment he went back to his own room. His mouth set in a firm line, his heart beating fast, Eric locked his door with a noiseless turn of the key. It was almost dawn, and the garden lay like a rare pastel outside his window; but Eric saw none of it. He scarcely thought, though his lips moved, as if chaotic words were struggling for utterance. He looked down at his hand, where two long red scratches oozed a trickle of blood. After he had washed his hand, he lay down on his bed and covered his eyes with his arm, against the picture of Su- zanne. Above all else there stood out the gleaming tips of her little shoes, as he had glimpsed them through the dim light of his room when she came toward him.