228 WEIRD TALES Prageur. "I'll lead them, and 1 11 lead most of them back here alive unless something goes seriously wrong. I don't think it will. Meanwhile, you keep a tight mouth about what you've told as; the men know that something's hitched up against them, and they're on edge. --You, Cranston, let Ellery take the tel- egraph; I've got a special use for you. Before you get ready, wire headquarters for three planes. We'll bomb Mechar, if necessary." "But, sir, why sacrifice your men?" asked Gasparri. "There will be little sacrifice," said Prageur. "We'll fake an attack. As long as I'm not entirely convinced of what's going on at Mechar, I'm not taking chances either way. We'll lead them to attack us, and then retreat. One of us will have to get into the post, will have to fake death--and that may mean death, I don't know. But that's our only way of finding out what's going on in there, and we'll lose the least men that way." Gasparri nodded. "I've picked you for that, Cranston," said Prageur suddenly. For a moment Cranston felt a sick feeling invade him. Then he dispelled it. "Very well, sir," he said. "You know what it means?" "Yes, sir." "All right. You're the man. Grant- ing Gasparri's story, your danger is two- fold--the directing genius, Prettweg, may discover that you're not really dead and may have you killed; and you may be trapped in the post when the bomb- ing begins--if it becomes necessary to bomb.--All right, get ready. Send that wire for planes; I'll let the men know. Lehmann will be in charge until I come back--if I do." The red globe of the sun was rising over the rim of the desert when the small troop of forty men sighted Mechar. A slight wind was blowing. Cranston and Prageur walked together at the side of the marching line. "In case you don't come back?" asked the lieutenant soberly. "Instructions for the disposal of what I own are in my quarters," replied Crans- ton curtly. Prageur nodded. He took a small bot- tle from his pocket and gave it to Crans- ton. "Blood drawn just before we left," he said. "Spill it over your uniform and slit the cloth to resemble a bullet-hole. Take no more chance than you have to." The lieutenant slowed up his men. Through his glasses he isolated a single figure high on the ramparts of Mechar, keeping carefully out of range. "Prettweg, all right," he murmured, dropping his glasses. "I can make out the scar. Queer-looking devil." Prageur ordered the men to break file, briefly repeated his earlier orders, spread them out, and ordered an advance. Crans- ton was well in the lead. They were perhaps a hundred feet from the walls of Mechar when Prageur ordered them to fire. Prettweg had dis- appeared, and other figures had taken his place, carelessly exposing themselves to the fire of the Surdez men. Immediately a volley of lead poured down on Lieutenant Prageur's men. And a second. But that was all, for at once the lieutenant ordered a retreat--indeed, some of the men had taken flight at the first volley, in accordance with Prageur's previous instructions. Cranston fell at the first volley, thinking fleetingly what supreme irony it would have been had he been shot and killed. Five other men fell with him. It was but the work of a few moments to uncork the bottle of blood