202 WEIRD TALES Here she is, now. Greetings, sweet- heart!" Suzanne swept across the terrace, her gown goldly shimmering, pearls bound about her head, as Eric had seen her in the dim hour before dawn. Again the rows of bracelets were weighting her slim arms. And she wore the Medici boots, die amethyst tips peeping beneath her shining dress. John, ever ready for gay clowning, arose and bowed low. "Hail, Empress! A-ah, the dress you got in Florence on our honeymoon, isn't it? And those darned Medici boots!" Suzanne unsmilingly extended her hand for him to kiss. John arched an eyebrow, comically. "What's the matter, honey? Going regal on me?" And retaining her hand, he kissed each of her fingers. Suzanne snatched away her hand, and the glance she gave her husband was one of venomous hauteur. To Eric she turned a look that was an open caress, leaning toward him, putting a hand on his arm, as he stood beside his chair, stern-lipped, with eyes that would not look at John's hurt bewilderment. The three sat down then, in the low wicker chairs, and waited for dinner-- three people with oddly different emo- tions. John was hurt, slightly impatient with his bride; Eric was furious with Suzanne, though there was in his heart the almost certain knowledge that the Suzanne beside them on the terrace was not the Suzanne they knew, but a cruelly strange woman, the product of a sinister force, unknown and compelling. No one, looking on Suzanne's red- lipped and heavy-lidded beauty, could miss the knowledge that here was a wo- man dangerously subtle, carrying a pow- er more devastating than the darting lightning that now and then showed it- self over the tree-tops of the garden. Eric began to feel something of this, and there shaped in his mind a wariness, a defense against this woman who was not Suzanne. "No al fresco dining tonight," said John, as the darkening sky was veined by a sudden spray of blue-green light. "Rain on the way. Pretty good storm. I'd say." "I like it," replied Suzanne, drawing in a deep breath of the sultry air. John laughed. "Since when, sweet- heart? You usually shake and shiver through a thunderstorm." Suzanne ignored him. She smiled at Eric and said in a low tone, "And if I should lose my bravery, you would take care of me, wouldn't you, Eric?" Before Eric could reply, dinner was announced, and he felt a relief and also a dread. This dinner was going to be difficult. John offered his arm to his wife, smil- ing at her, hoping for a smile in return, but Suzanne shrugged and said in a ca- ressing voice, "Eric?" Eric could only bow stiffly and offer 'his arm, while John walked slowly beside them, his face thoughtful, his gay spirits gone. During dinner, however, he tried to revive the lagging conversa- tion. Suzanne spoke in a staccato voice and her choice of words seemed strange to Eric, almost as though she were trans- lating her own thoughts from a foreign tongue. And finally Suzanne's promised des- sert came, cool and tempting in its silver dishes. Eric saw a chance to make the talk more natural. He said, gayly, "John- ny, your wife's a chef, a famous pastry chef. Behold the work of her hands* What did you say it was, Suzanne?" "This? Oh--I do not know what it is called."