THE DOOR INTO INFINITY 151 hordes of the Brotherhood recovered from their paralysis of horror and surged madly toward the dais. "The Door is closed! Death to the blasphemers!" cried the chief priest as he plunged forward. "Death to the blasphemers!" shrieked the crazed horde below. Ennis' pistol roared and the chief priest went down. The light in the cavern died completely at that moment. In the dark a torrent of bodies cata- pulted against Ennis, screaming ven- geance. He struck out with his pistol- barrel in the mad melee, holding Ruth's stiff form close with his other hand. He heard the other drugged, helpless victims crushed down and trampled under foot by the surging horde of vengeance-mad members. Clinging to the girl, Ennis fought like a madman through a darkness in which none could distinguish friend or foe, toward the door at the side from whidi Campbell had fired. He smashed down the pistol-barrel on all before him, as hands sought to grab him in the dark. He knew sicken ingly that he was lost in the combat, with no sense of the direction of the door. Then a voice roared loud across the wild din, "Ennis, this way! This way, Ennis!" yelled Inspector Campbell, again and again. Ennis plunged through the whirl of unseen bodies in the direction of the de- tective's shouting voice. He smashed through, half dragging and half carrying the girl, until Campbell's voice was close ahead in the dark. He fumbled at the rock wall, found the door opening, and then Campbell's hands grasped him to pull him inside. Hands grabbed him from behind, striving to tear Ruth from him, to jerk him back. Voices shrieked for help. Campbell's pistol blazed in the dark and the hands released their grip. Ennis stumbled with the girl through the door into a dark tunnel. He heard Campbell slam a door shut, and heard a bar fall with a clang. "Quick, for God's sake!" panted Campbell in the dark. "They'll follow us--we've got to get up through the tun- nels to the water-cavern!" They raced along the pitch-dark tun- nel, Campbell now carrying the girl, En- nis reeling drunkenly along. They heard a mounting roar behind them, and as they burst into the main tunnel, no longer lighted but dark like the others, they looked back and saw a flickering of light coming up the passage. "They're after us and they've got lights!" Campbell cried. "Hurry!" It was nightmare, this mad flight on stumbling feet up through the dark tun- nels where they could hear the sea boom- ing close overhead, and could hear the wild pursuit behind. Their feet slipped on the damp floor and they crashed into the walls of the tunnel at the turns. The pursuit was closer behind--as they started climbing the last passages to the water-cavern, the torchlight behind showed them to their pursuers and wild yells came to their ears. They had before them only the last ascent to the water-cavern when Ennis stumbled and went down. He swayed up a little, yelled to Campbell. "Go on--get Ruth out! I'll try to hold them back a moment!" "No!" rasped Campbell. "There's another way--one that may mean the end for us too, but our only chance!" The inspector thrust his hand into his pocket, snatched out his big, old-fash- ioned gold watch. He tore it from its chain, turned the stem of it twice around. Then he hurled