138 WEIRD TALES Chandra Dass' cafe, but lurking in the shadows across the street. They came running toward Campbell and Ennis. "All right, we're going in there," Campbell exclaimed in steely tones. "Get Chandra Dass, whatever you do, but see that his prisoners are not harmed." He snapped a word and one of the men handed pistols to him and to Ennis. Then they leaped toward the door of the Hindoo's cafe, from which still streamed ruddy light and the babel of many voices. A kick from Inspector Campbell sent the door flying inward, and they burst in with guns gleaming wickedly in the ruddy light. Ennis' face was a quivering mask of desperate resolve. The motley patrons jumped up with yells of alarm at their entrance. The hand of a Malay waiter jerked and a thrown knife thudded into the wall be- side them. Ennis yelled as he saw Chan- dra Dass, his dark face startled, leaping back with his servants through the black curtains. He and Campbell drove through the squealing patrons toward the back. The Malay who had thrown the knife rushed to bar the way, another dagger uplifted. Campbell's gun coughed and the Malay reeled and stumbled. The inspector and Ennis threw themselves at the black cur- tains--and were dashed back. They tore aside the black folds. A dull steel door had been lowered behind them, barring the way to the back rooms. Ennis beat crazily upon it with his pistol-butt, but it remained immovable. "No use--we can't break that down!'' yelled Campbell, over the uproar. "Out- side, and around to the other end of the building!'' They burst back out through that mad- house, into the dark of the street. They started along the side of the pier toward the river-end, edging forward on a nar- row ledge but inches wide. As they reached the back of the building, Ennis shouted and pointed to dark figures at the end of the pier. There were two of them, lowering shapeless, wrapped forms over the end of the pier. "There they are!" he cried. "They've got their prisoners out there with them." Campbell's pistol leveled, but Ennis swiftly struck it up. "No, you might hit Ruth." He ana the inspector bounded forward along the pier. Fire streaked from the dark ahead and bullets thumped the rot- ting boards around them. Suddenly the loud roar of an accel- erated motor drowned out all other sounds. It came from the river at the pier's end. Campbell and Ennis reached the end in time to see a long, powerful, gray motor-boat dash out into the black ob- scurity of the river, and roar eastward with gathering speed. "There they go -- they're getting away!" cried the agonized young Amer- ican. Inspector Campbell cupped his hands and shouted out into the darkness, "River police, ahoy! Ahoy there!" He rasped to Ennis. "The river police were to have a cutter here tonight. We can still catch them." With swiftly rising roar of speeded motors, a big cutter drove in from the darkness. Its searchlight snapped on, bathing the two men on the pier in a blinding glare. "Ahoy, there!" called a stentorian voice over the roar of the motors. "Is that In- spector Campbell?" "Yes. Come alongside," yelled the in- spector, and as the big cutter shot close to the end of the pier, its reversing pro- pellers churning the dark water to foam, Ennis and Campbell leaped. They landed amid unseen men in the