DEATH HOLDS THE POST 229 and let it soak into his uniform, which he had slit previously. Then he pushed the bottle deep into the sand. From the corner of his eye he saw Prageur looking back; then he and the men were gone, and Cranston lay un- mo v in g. He wondered what would hap- pen now, warning himself not to move a muscle, to breathe shallowly. It seemed to him presently that hours were passing, but in a little while his ears caught the sound of activity behind the walls of the near-by post. The sun's heat had become terrific, and his hope that something would happen was intensified. Then he heard the gates of Mechar swing open. From a carefully opened eye he saw a figure come forth alone, a revolver held menacingly in his hand. It was Doctor Prettweg. The old man was hatless, and his long white hair lent his face an air of benevolence, but nothing concealed the aura of diabolic evil about him--the crimson scar edged in blue and gray, the twisted mouth, the fierce, black eyes, loathsome and gloating. As Cranston watched, the doctor smiled at sight of the dead men, his pleasure ghoulishly manifest. He turned and made irritable motions to someone beyond the gates. The first corpse lay at a distance of twenty feet from" Cranston. Against his better judgment, he continued to watch the mad doctor's approach. He saw him bend over the corpse, looking only cas- ually at the body. Then Prettweg took a bottle from his pocket, opened it, and forced liquid into the dead man's mouth; be stood then, watching the corpse in- tently for a few moments, moving away only when he had seen--as Cranston, too, saw--a faint, horrible movement from the dead man! Cranston restrained himself with a tremendous effort; he had seen something he knew to be impossible, yet it was! Prettweg came on to the second corpse, and Cranston, following him with his eyes, saw that the second Le- gionnaire was not dead, for he moved feebly at the doctor's approach. Could it be that the first of them had not been dead either? But what doubts Cranston had were horribly, brutally dispelled; for the doc- tor, noticing the movement, hesitated, as- sured himself that the man was in no position to inflict injury, and then cal- lously put a bullet through the Legion- naire's head. Cranston steeled himself to keep from giving voice to his fury and horror. The bottle again, and once more liquid down a dead throat. Inside him, Cranston was shuddering with loathing for this inhuman beast. But no emotion rose to the surface. He lay now with his lips fallen apart, his jaw hanging loosely agape, and despite the terrific strain, with his eyes wide and turned up against the sun. He was com- pletely relaxed and motionless, his breathing restrained as much as possible. Footsteps came toward him. He was aware suddenly of the doctor's hand grasping his neck, of long, clammy fin- gers touching his skin, and the strain of simulating death became almost unbear- able. Then the bottle was at his mouth, and acrid liquid touching his tongue, and Prettweg's grip relaxed. Cranston's head fell against the sand, his one thought that his most difficult first stage was over, for the doctor had noticed nothing amiss. Cranston let the vile- tasting liquid in his mouth drool out upon the sand. Prettweg was standing among the dead, his now malign face contemplat- ing the nearest corpse, his hands clasped behind him much in the attitude of a physician in consultation. But his atti- tude underwent a subtle change--an un-