160 WEIRD TALES half knowing already what they would see, the three had gone there. Nine more, counting the croupier, in a state like that which Weems was in! Nine more people with all life, all move- ment, arrested in mid-motion! Ten now with some kind of awful paralysis grip- ping them in which they did not move nor seemingly breathe--ten who were dead by every' test known to science, but who, as even laymen could see at a glance, were yet indubitably alive! "Blue Bay Development is ruined," ground out Kroner. It had been said a dozen times by every one of the three; but the words made the other two look at him in frantic denial just the same. "If we can keep it quiet--just for a lit- tle while--just until-" "Until what?" snapped Kroner. "If we only had an idea when this mys- terious sickness would leave these peo- ple! We could stall the news perhaps for a day, or even two days--if we could have some assurance that at the end of twenty-four or forty-eight hours they'd be all right again. But we haven't. They may be like that for months before they die--may even die in a few hours. Grays can't tell. This is all beyond his medical experience. So it seems to me we might as well make public announcements now, face ruin on the resort development, and get it over with." Chichester spoke, almost in a whisper. "This Doctor Satan, whoever he is, gives us assurance in his note. He says that if we pay what he demands, the ten will recover, and everything will be all right." "And if we pay what he demands, we'll be ruined just the same as though we'd been killed by publicity," objected Gest. Kroner glared at the wizened treasurer. "I'm surprized you'd even suggest that, Chichester. But you've not only suggest- ed it--you've pled for it all night long! Do you get a cut from Doctor Saran cr something?" "Gentlemen," soothed Gest, as Chiches- ter half rose from his chair. "We're in too serious a jam to indulge in petty quar- rels. We've got to decide what to do-" "I move we call in the police," growled Kroner. "I still can't believe that any human being could induce such a state of catalepsy, or living death, or whatever you want to call it, in other human beings. Not unless he's a wizard or something. Nevertheless, in view of this threat note from Doctor Satan, there may be a definite criminal element here that the cops should know about." "Let's wait on the police," objected Gest. "We have already done better than that in summoning this Ascott Keane to help us." Chichester's dry skin flushed faintly. "I still say that that was a stupid move!" he snapped. "Ascott Keane? Who is he, anyhow? He has no reputa- tion for detective work or any other kind of work. A rich man's son--loafer-- dilettante. What we should have done was contact Doctor Satan after his first note, after Weems was stricken. Then we would have saved the nine in the roulette room, and at the same time saved our project here." "You'd pay this crook our entire sur- plus?" snarled Kroner. "You'd give him a million eight hundred thousand in cold cash, when you don't even know that he has had a hand in what ails the ten?-' "It's worth a million eight hundred thousand to save our stake in Blue Bay," said Chichester obstinately. "As for Doc- tor Satan's having a hand in the horrible fate of Weems and the rest--he told you beforehand that it would happen, didn't he?" "Please," sighed Gest as for a second time the florid vice-president and the W. T.--2