Rogue for a Day 37 tially, at least, if the officers at the big hall caught the thieves with stolen goods in their possession. They did not seem to be able to gain on their pursuers, and the precious minutes were flying. They took cor- ners at a reckless pace, zigzagging through the city in a vain attempt to outwit those who followed. Now and then Verbeck waved his hand to indi- cate a turn, and Muggs obeyed. They skirted the retail district, and got to the wholesale district, where there was scant traffic at this hour of the night, but always behind them came the two police automobiles, sirens shrieking, officers screeching. "We can't dodge em, boss!" Muggs yelled. Verbeck looked at his watch again. He had only thirty minutes! But an automobile going at racing pace can cover a lot of ground in thirty minutes, even through the streets of a city. On they dashed, twisting and turning, never gaining, just holding their own. Down another hill they raced, and now they were near the stockyards. Here there was no pavement; here the mud and slush and slime splashed over the machine and around them, and the auto lurched and skidded dangerously. "Slow down at the next turn," Ver- beck ordered. "I'll drop off, and you keep on. Get away if you can--work back into town and give them the dodge. I can't waste another minute-- I've got to get to the big hall. And I can't do it in the machine, for we can't shake them off." "I can take you back nearer the hall, boss." "I'd not dare try to drop off there they might see me. But here, where it is so dark-- At the next turning, Muggs!" "Boss--" "Here we are! Get away if you can, and if you do, come to the big hall . later. I'll be all right!" They made the turning, and Verbeck dropped off; and then Muggs opened her up again and dashed on along the muddy street, and behind him rushed the determined police in their two auto- mobiles. They passed within forty feet of Roger Verbeck, who was inside a stockade, in close proximity to a hun- dred startled Texas steers. Less that thirty minutes--and he was at the stockyards. There was not a second to waste. He could not glance at his watch to get the exact time with- out striking a match, and he did not dare do that because some watchman might see and apprehend him. He got out of the cattle pen and started run- ning along the street in the dark, to- ward the nearest car line. Slush and mud splashed over his trousers, and he realized that he would not be the usual well-groomed Roger Verbeck society knew when he invaded the big hall. He boarded a car, drew his overcoat close around him, and crouched in a corner. It seemed that the car stopped at every street, that it made wretched time. The blocks never before had seemed so long. Verbeck looked at his watch again, fearing he would be too late. He felt on the verge of screech- ing to the motorman to give the car greater speed. Finally it was up in town, and Ver- beck got off and rushed for the nearest taxicab stand. In an instant he was inside a machine, and a chauffeur was taking chances to earn the extra pay promised him if he reached the big hall before midnight. Verbeck took out a handkerchief and wiped off his pumps, and brushed mud and slush from the bottoms of his trousers as well as he could. He smoothed down his hair, and tried to regain his composure so that he would appear outwardly calm at least. He would have to enter the big hall in a matter-of-fact way. An excited en- trance would attract attention. 