14 Detective Story Magazine little bell jangled again. On the wall below it was a button, and this button Verbeck pushed. He could hear the click as the door was unlocked, and he slipped through the door by which the Black Star had made his entrance, and found himself in another dusty, unfur- nished room. In a moment, he heard some one en- ter the other door. He waited for a time, as the Black Star had done, then opened the door and walked boldly into the room, nodding his head to the other man in robe and mask, and taking his position at the Black Star's blackboard. "No. Eight," the other wrote. "Countersign?" "Harvard." Verbeck did not know, of course, whether it was the proper countersign, but he had to take the chance. "Report," he wrote. "Have information you desired." The man stepped away from the blackboard, put one hand beneath his robe, and took out a letter, which he threw on the table. Then he went back to the blackboard and stood at atten- tion. Verbeck went to the table and picked up the letter. He ripped it open, watch- ing the other meanwhile, then lowered his eyes to read. What was written there was startling and very much to the point: Mrs. Greistman will wear diamonds and rope of pearls at Charity Ball. They will be taken from safe-deposit box during the afternoon. After the ball they will he kept in safe in Greistman library. Safe is old one. Library is on first floor; one door opens into hall: three windows, one open- ing on veranda and others on side of house and shaded from street lights by vines and trees. All servants sleep on second floor, in the rear. Mr. and Mrs. Greistman and daughter sleep on same floor, in front, latter on left side of hall, parents on right side as you face rear of bouse. Daughter subject to insomnia, especially after brilliant society events, and often takes sleeping draft. There it was, full information that indicated the Black Star contemplated getting the Greistman jewels, reported by means of the organization, no doubt. The note had been written on a type- writer, and there were no marks on the envelope. Any active crook might have been able to discover where the mem- bers of the Greistman family slept, and learn where the safe was kept, and how the doors and windows of the library were located, but only some one in close touch with the family could know when they anticipated taking the jewels from the safe-deposit box and where they would be kept the night after the ball. Verbeck found himself wondering how this information had been ob- tained. and whether the man who now stood before him in robe and mask had obtained it or was merely a messenger to carry it to the Black Star. He stepped back to the blackboard and picked up the chalk again. "Where did you get information?" he wrote. "As you instructed," came the writ- ten answer. Verbeck could ask no more without betraying himself. He had no idea re- garding the identity of the man before him. It was possible, of course, for him to call Muggs from the other room and overpower the crook; but it was doubtful if the man would talk and reveal anything after he discovered he was not dealing with the Black Star, but with an outsider. And what Ver- beck wanted was accurate knowledge; he would have to be careful not to arouse the man's suspicion. "Good!" he wrote on the blackboard. Then he nodded to the man, as if in dismissal. But the other did not seem ready to go, and acted as if there was something wanting. "Any orders?" he wrote finally. Verbeck remembered the pile of let- ters on the end of the table, and now he went over and inspected them. They were orders for members of the band, 