Rogue for a Day 31 perhaps her love and fear for her brother would lead her to do so. She might be caught in the act--Faustina Wendell, proud daughter of one of the pioneer families, caught stealing jewels! And his ring--she had recognized that! Great Heaven! Did she think he was the Black Star? Did she imagine he had played on her love to make her a member of a band of thieves? What might she not suspect, when she had seen that ring? She would remember that he had led a sort of wild life in the ends of the earth, never showing a tendency to set- tle down until he had fallen in love with her. She might pile up the little things until she had a mound of evidence-- women do such things. She might doubt his manhood, really believe he was the master crook, brutal enough to endanger the girl he professed to love, and her brother. Had Howard Wen- dell noticed that ring, too? Had How- ard been the midnight prowler waiting on the boulevard to see what time Ver- beck reached home? He was in the car, out of the yard, rushing like the wind down the street, not caring whether the machine skidded perilously through the snow. It was al- most eleven o'clock; he had ample time, more than an hour. It would be a simple thing, after all, merely to get Faustina and Howard to one side and see that neither wore a red ribbon, let the police capture the others, and then explain. Then another thought came to him-- those notes the Black Star had said were in the house where he made his headquarters! The captured men would talk, mention that house, and the police would search. Faustina might be en- dangered in that way. He didn't dare take the chance of leaving those notes until after he went to the ball. He'd have to search for them, find, and de- stroy them. There was more than an hour--he had ample time. He drove the machine at a furious pace, disregarding police, who shrieked at him, barely missing trolley cars, dodging pedestrians at crossings. Out along the long boule- vard it was easier going, for there the wind had swept the pavement clear of snow, and there was not so much traffic. He left the paved street and cut down the hill toward the old house where the Black Star had established his head- quarters. He did not have time to take precautions; he trusted to the good for- tune that always had stood at his side in emergencies. He turned the machine to the curb a block away from the house, sprang out, and rushed across vacant lots toward his goal. Through the dusty half he rushed, reaching in his coat pocket for matches. He found a candle in the furnished room, and lighted it. Then breathlessly he began his search. Nothing was in the drawer at the end of the table except what he had seen before. There was no furniture in the room in which letters might be con- cealed. He inspected the couch, but found nothing. He ripped the seat and back from the armchair, but his search was not rewarded. In the kitchen, he opened drawers and bins, but found nothing except dust and cobwebs. He rushed back to the Black Star s room again. His foot found the trigger of the trapdoor, and he opened it, and crept to the edge of the pit to hold the candle and peer down. There was nothing but the smooth cement walls and flooring. He ripped away rugs, searched the floor, finally stood, panting, beside the table in despair. "He lied!" he gasped. "He must have lied and I have been losing time!" He looked at his watch again--it was one minute after eleven o'clock. It would take him only fifteen minutes to 