124 Detective Story Magazine maid, as he presented his card, "that it is absolutely necessary for me to see her for a few moments." As Mrs. Reynolds entered, pale and grief-stricken, Wynn arose. "I am very sorry to disturb you just at this time, Mrs. Reynolds, but, in the interest of our common friend, Charley Harding, it is necessary for me to learn everything I can from you which may have a bearing upon your husband's death." "Charles couldn't have done such a thing, Mr. Wynn. He is incapable of it." "I agree with you," said Wynn, "but if I am to clear him before others, I must learn all the facts possible, even those which look damaging. Had you been asleep just before you ran out of the house last night?" "Yes, I had gone to bed with a head- ache. after rehearsing some music with Charles, and he had gone to John's room." "You heard no quarreling or noise of a struggle?" "No, except the noise that awakened me--the shot, I suppose," she added, with a shudder. "Was there any reason why your husband and Charley Harding should have quarreled?" Mrs. Reynolds hesitated, then spoke quickly: "There was no deason, Mr. Wynn, unless you would call John's unreason- ing jealousy a reason. Charles and I had to practice together a good deal lately, and John didn't like it." "Who was in the house last evening, besides you and Mr. Reynolds and Charley?" "Only the maid. The other servant, the man, doesn't sleep in the house." "Had Mr. Reynolds any enemies that you know of--had he had any trouble with any one?" "Not that I--why, yes, he had. He had to discharge our former man- servant for drunkenness. The man be- came very angry and abusive when he left." "What was his name?" "Carl Hansen." "Do you know his address?" "No, Mr. Reynolds secured him . through an employment agency." Is anything missing--money--jew- elry?" "I don't think so." "Did you find the front door locked when you started out for help last night?" "Not with the key or with the bolt. I turned only the knob to open the door. The inside knob works the spring lock; so the door must have been locked." "And the outside knob?" "It takes a key to open the door from the outside." "Then, how could any one have gained entrance last night, Mrs. Reyn- olds? The other outside doors and the windows downstairs were all locked." Mrs. Reynolds became even more pale. "Did Carl Hansen have a key to the house?" Wynn asked. "He did have," said Mrs. Reynolds, breathing more easily, "but returned it. Couldn't he have had a duplicate made, though?" "Yes. Now, Mrs. Reynolds, I won't keep you any longer, but I will ask per- mission to inspect your husband's room again--and, perhaps, some other parts of the house." Mrs. Reynolds having acquiesced, Wynn first verified her statements as to the locks on the front door, and then revisited her husband's room. It was nearly noon before he left the house, walking briskly, and with no trace of the absorbed manner which he had brought with him. Late in the afternoon, he learned that the autopsy performed upon Mr. Reynolds confirmed the opinion of 