86 Detective Story Magazine that Nolan went in there, and I entered scarce ten seconds after him, thinking I might overhear something, and would make a few inquiries to cover my intru- sion." "I see." "There is a front office, a space partly filled with barrels and casks, and a back room, the door of which was open. But there is no rear door, nor any stairway to the second floor. That is reached by a door outside, and Haw- ley lives up there. He s the only ten- ant in the building." "I get you," Glidden growled. "But what about Nolan?" "Nolan wasn't there." "Not there?" "Not hide nor hair of him." "Humph!" Glidden s furrowed brows contracted until they mingled. "I wandered around and looked everywhere, while talking about the price of molasses with Hawley--but there was no Nolan." "He may have gone down cellar." "I could see no door leading to a cellar." "He could not have evaporated!" snapped Glidden. "He must have been somewhere in the place. Where is this building? What part of Z-- Street?" "That section in which old buildings are rapidly being torn down for larger ones. This one, now that I think of it, is directly back of the Stability Trust Building. It is-- What now?" Glidden s grim face had changed like a flash, while his fist banged a table as if to splinter it. "By Heaven, I have it!" he cried, eyes blazing. "There s a job on that bank. That s why he s a depositor. That's why he's friendly with Ray- mond. That's what became of the satchel. I wondered--but I don't won- der, now! It s in the bank vault, Arm- strong, loaded with dynamite, or the devil knows what." "You mean--" "I mean that we ve got them." Glid- den rose up with a terrible laugh. "We have them nipped. Jack, every damned thieving Red Raven. I'll clip their wings this time, by thunder! Get a bunch of the boys together. Make it a score, with a gun in every pocket. We've got them. By Heaven, I'll not leave a live red bird among them!" III. They had gathered like blackbirds, singly and from divers directions, un- til the flock was complete. They had come at intervals during the day, from various quarters and with unostenta- tious stealth, seeking cover through dif- ferent avenues, an alley and an outer bulkhead door, a trap in the back room, witness Nolan, and some like moles in the earth, through tunnels secretly con- structed during months of labor, while the refuse of dirt and stones was re- moved in casks and barrels marked-- molasses and sugar. Ravens wood looked strangely seri- ous while he viewed them at close upon nine o'clock that evening, his brood of Red Ravens, gathered in an under- ground room between the low brick building mentioned by Armstrong and the rear foundation wall of the Stability Trust. Through a broad opening from this room, one of three leading in different directions, it could be seen that part of the wall was gone, that a circular chamber had been formed, that timbers and cement and steel had been broken from the ceiling, leaving only a com- paratively thin and feeble partition be- tween this circular chamber and--the interior of the bank vault. Ravenswood gazed from one to an- other in the bright electric light--stolen by means of a concealed wire from the service in the trust building. He had entered only a few minutes before, and had found them all there, awaiting him, 