62 Detective Story Magazine rally, therefore, when I examined this slit and found neither, there was only one thing to assume." It seemed easy enough now that it was explained, the loose top being handed around from man to man mean- while. Nick then leaned over the empty re- ceptacle. Holding down the rear axle with one hand, he gave a sharp tug at the body of the ambulance with the other. The body came away in his left hand. It was clear that the vehicle consisted of three separate pieces, generally speaking--the wheels and axles with their skeleton framework, the closed body of the wagon, and the slotted top or cover. The former had been removed by the committee before Nick's arrival, and now the detective had proved that the rest of the box which made up the body was similarly removable. "That points the way, I think," Car- ter remarked. "It leaves much to be cleared up, but there can be no doubt that somebody had an exact duplicate of this body. The confederate--the second man of whom we have as yet no description--must have obtained ac- cess to the grounds in some secret way and was in hiding in the bushes armed with this unused body when the chap who Miss Vance has described came along trundling the loaded ambulance. The box of jewelry, cover and all, was yanked from the wheels and delivered over to the second man, the latter's empty box being substituted for it. The whole thing could have been ac- complished in half a minute if the ras- cals knew their business, as they cer- tainly appear to have done." A blank look passed round the group of perturbed gentlemen, for the neat- ness and cunning of the clever ruse hinted that it was more than the work of an ordinary brain. "By Jove, Carter, I'm afraid they've fairly done us this time," ejaculated Fuller Templeton; "and they must have made something of a haul, too." They closed around the detective, eying him anxiously. "Do you think there's any possible chance of catching the brutes?" some one asked. "There are always as many chances as a man is able to make," was Nick's reply. "Generally, however, we find a certain number of openings ready made, and at least one or two such openings appear to be present in this case." "The deuce you say! What are they?" Templeton demanded eagerly. Nick smiled. "We had better make haste slowly," he said, with a smile. "There's no particular reason why I couldn't share everything with you, but I have a gen- eral rule against it, and I'm afraid I shall have to adhere to that. Deeds are better than words, anyway, and you'll know as soon as I've really done anything worth mentioning." His hearers were disappointed, but not greatly surprised. All of them had heard of the detective's reticence, and really admired him for his attitude. "That's all right, old man," Tem- pleton hastened to say. "You'll do it in your own way, of course, as is quite right. This is an awful mess, though. I don't care so much for my own sake, but this will be a great shock to my wife. I don't know how I m going to tell--" He never completed his remark, for suddenly the entrance of the tent was darkened, and Winifred Templeton, with Ruth Vance behind her, hurried in. "Oh, Fuller!" the older woman cried. "I've heard all about it. What shall we do what shall we do?" She seemed to be in a state of fever- ish excitement--an excitement greater than the incident appeared to warrant. 