Death in Life 69 assistant sought to penetrate the gloom, and if possible to fix the identity of his assailant, who had now backed away from him. It was in vain. He could only make out that the man was conspicuously well dressed, and, indeed, might well from his appearance have been another of those present at the lawn party. Chick did not believe it was any one he knew, however, for the fellow's voice was unfamiliar. Meanwhile, the young detective reeled, endeavored unsuccessfully to support himself against the bench, and fell to the floor. The bitterness of failure, as well as death--or so it seemed--was in his heart. He had seldom given such a poor account of himself, for not often had such means been employed against him. The victor smiled grimly as he saw Chick topple over, then turned his head and called guardedly through the door- way; "Oliver! Quick!" A sound of feet followed, and then through the open doorway darted the stocky figure of the man who had trundled the pushcart. It was Wilbur Leigh's chauffeur, as a matter of fact, and the first arrival was Leigh himself. As the chauffeur's eyes lighted on the prostrate figure at his employer's feet, a gasp of surprise broke from his lips. "You blundering idiot!" the drama- tist broke out. "Is this the way you do your work? By heavens, it's lucky for me that I insisted on coming here at once!" "But, Mr Leigh--" "What's the use of 'buts'?" Leigh shouted. "They will not explain the presence of this fellow. I arrived just at the nick of time. He was bending over the loot, as it was, with a lighted match. This is what comes of hiring fools." His anger was not pleasant to wit- ness, and the man addressed as Oliver cowered away from the impassioned face and flaming eyes. In a moment, however, Leigh seemed to master his passion. Stooping over, he caught at Chick's shoulder, and, with a quick pull, turned the young detective's numb body over. At the same time, the chauffeur threw the rays of the flash light he carried on the victim. Chick's white, stark face stared up at them, and Oliver saw his employer start and peer closer for a moment, as if in recognition. "Chick Carter, by all that's infernal!" Leigh ejaculated hoarsely. "This is the limit! What in thunder is he doing here? If it's bad luck, it's the worse the fiends could devise! And if acci- dent has anything to do with it, so much the worse! That means that Nick Carter himself is already at work --he may even have had advance no- tice of what we were about to do! And Carter is the very last man in the world I'd care to see after me!" CHAPTER XXIIL THE CONSUMPTIVE'S WARNING. WILBUR LEIGH straightened up suddenly and glanced about him with more than a hint of fear. "The loft!" he said in an explosive whisper. "Quick, Oliver--see if any one is there!" It was not an enviable task that had been assigned to the chauffeur. To be sure, it did not seem likely that any friend of Chick's was concealed there; for, in that case, help should have reached the detective before it was too late. Nevertheless, there was no telling, and Oliver did not relish the duty thrust upon him. He hesitated, picturing to himself how it would feel to recieve 