Practical Theory 119 Drawing out his handkerchief. Chad- wick W adc airily flirted it open and touched it to his brow. Then, coming back from the win- dow, he stood lookiug down at the financier beside his desk, with the pis- tol in his half-lowered hand trained unwaveringly upon the middle button of his vest. "Now, I am about to leave you." the young man lightly informed him. "Swing round in your chair to face the door. That's it. Now, as I back out, I can keep the most vulnerable part of your body directly under the muzzle of this gun, you see. I'll fire at the first move you make toward those push buttons before I've passed through the door. After that, you may ring for your secretary whenever you please. Before he can cross the outer office to come in here. I'II have crossed it to the elevators in the hall-and be mingling with the crowd in the street below before you can start any one after me. Remember what I've told you about playing your ball low and on the inside when you want to make a one-cushion draw shot, Mr. Murchison. If you must enter this in your personal- account book somehow, just set (he twenty-five thousand dollars down to instruction in billiards. And now, good-by, sir!" The door toward which he had been slowly backing across the room, while he talked, swiftly opened and closed. Chadwick Wade was gone. Spinning round in his chair, with a crafty chuckle. J. D. Murchison pushed one of the buttons under the edge of his desk to which the young man had referred, and reached for the telephone at the same time. As he closed the door of the finan- cier's outer office behind him, to find that he stood alone for the moment in the elevator hall of the skyscraper's eighteenth floor, Chadwick Wade be- came galvanized into life. He peeled off his overcoat, turning it inside out, and getting into it again, its fur lining making it look like an automobile coat of that sort. As he ran toward the stairway, he removed his derby. He dropped it down the stair well. A motorist's cap, with gog- gles attached, which he pulled out of his pocket and clapped on his head, fin- ished the complete alteration in his out- ward appearance, which he had made in the few seconds that had elapsed since he had stepped out of the capital- ist's suite of offices. "Down, seventeen!" he called, reach- ing the floor below just in time to see the red light above one of the elevator doors which indicated the approach of a descending car. One minute and thirty seconds after- ward, as though he had just stepped out of his motor car at the curb, Chadwick Wade was approaching the paying teller's window in the bank on the ground floor of the building, where J. D. Murchison kept his personal ac- count and where, for the purpose of being identified by its teller, the young man himself had opened a modest ac- count of two hundred dollars three weeks earlier. And forty-five seconds later, with twenty-five thousand dollars in crisp, new bills of large denomination salted down in his pocket, he was walking away from the window toward the open street door. Meanwhile, in his private office, eighteen floors above, an elderly man. with a face turned apoplectic in hue by the rage that consumed him, was al- ternately rattling the receiver of the telephone before him up and down, and bellowing into the mouthpiece. "Give me that number, I say! Quick! Quick! This is J. D. Murchison talk- ing. I'll have you discharged, girl, if you don't give me that number at once! Every second's delay brings me nearer to losing twenty-five thousand dollars! 