52 Detective Story Magazine view led me to the vicinity of the house on the hill. My first day in Bender I spent mostly indoors, on account of a terrific rain- storm. There were a few visitors from New York and Boston living at the hotel, and from them I learned that there were more popular resorts a few miles on either side of us. They--the visitors--were of those who prefer the quieter byways, and preferred Bender on account of the excellent fishing. I chatted with them with apparent frankness; told them that I had been out with some fishermen farther up the coast--my well-tanned appearance ren- dered some such explanation necessary --and had hoped to spend a week or two there. Alas for my plans, I had received on my arrival a letter from my firm recalling me to New York. Their commiseration was so genuine that I was ashamed of the role I was forced to play. There was a party going out fishing next day, if it was not too stormy, and they invited me to join them, but I excused myself on the ground that I expected some important letters in the morning mail which would preclude an early start. Monday the sun shone gloriously, and after breakfast I started out alone, intent on a long walk. I passed along the road skirting the bay, and started up the hill leading to the cliff on which I had noted the only house of any considerable dimensions in the vicinity. The hill was steep, and the road had been cut through solid rock. After the recent rain the atmosphere was sur- charged with humidity, and I found myself inclined to grumble at whoever was responsible for constructing the road there instead of carrying it round the face of the cliff. However, I con- soled myself with the thought that when I reached the top of the hill the view would amply repay me. To my chagrin. I found that quite a considerable area of the clifftop had been fenced in. Numerous signs warned the wayfarer that the inclosure was private property and that trespass- ers would be rigorously prosecuted; so I was forced to go on still farther. Presently I came to a large gateway and a lodge for its custodian; while a large sign, with gilt letters on a black background, told me that the building I had seen was no hotel. The sign read: SANITARIUM. G. J. Feldspar, M. D. I had heard of Doctor Feldspar, and if some of the rumors current in the medical profession were true, he was not a man whose acquaintance I de- sired to make. He conducted a private institution for mental patients, and it was said that some of the inmates were there merely at the will of relatives who desired to control their property. I had stopped to look along the drive, wondering if some of the stories I had heard of the place could have any foundation in fact, when a tramp, whom I had noted some fifty yards ahead along the road, sitting on a rock--prob- ably because the grass was still damp --suddenly appeared beside me. He was a disreputable object, his clothes a bundle of rags held together by sundry patches that no tailor had applied, and looking as if they had been thoroughly soaked the day before and had been allowed to dry on the wearer. As I looked him over severely, he grinned, showing teeth badly discolored, and asked in a bold tone: "Got a match, mister?" Probably with the idea of getting rid of him as quickly as possible. I handed him a box. With all the effrontery in the world, he produced a broken-off clay pipe, so black as to be almost a curiosity. "Got a bit o' bacca?" he demanded. "No," I answered shortly, and walked on briskly. 