88 Detective Story Magazine growls and threats against Glidden came from several, however, which Ravenswood immediately checked. "There is nothing in that," he said curtly. "We have held the pole for a long time, and later may regain it. Let's take things as they come. Fortunately, these discoveries were not made until nearly the very moment when our big- gest job was done. That now must en- gage us. That moment is close at hand. We have only six minutes to wait. Screen that opening under the vault, some of you, lest the debris is scattered by the explosion." Three of the men sprang up and placed a broad wooden screen across the opening, bracing it in place with a strip of joist. All were alert, then, and eager for the end of their knavish un- dertaking. "You got the satchel into the vault, all right, Dickie?" Nolan questioned. "Easily," Ravenswood nodded. "Raymond complied without an objec- tion." "Good for Raymond!" "It strikes me that we are lame in one way," Lacy ventured. "In what way, Lacy?" "In setting the machine that ignites the explosive so early as nine o'clock. Wouldn't midnight have been better?? "Far from it!" Ravenswood quickly shook his head. "There is consider- able noise in the streets at nine o'clock, while they are comparatively quiet at midnight. The explosion then would be more likely to be heard." "There is no great danger of that at either time," put in Nolan. "It will be confined to the vault, bar what sound comes down here. We'll get that, all right, good and strong. Dynamite works downward, you know." "I know that, of course," Lacy growled. "It won't leave enough of the vault floor to swear by." Nolan added. "We know that the time-lock doors cannot be opened, and even if the watchman in the building were to hear the muffled sound, before he can locate it and make an investigation, we'll have looted the vault and be making a get-away." "That s how we ve figured it, sure," Galen nodded. "By the way, Dickie." "Well, Paddy?" "Is there any possibility that Glidden picked you up again and shadowed you here?" "Not the slightest, Paddy", Ravens- wood said confidently--but he over- looked that a spy might have been watching the movements of his sup- posed valet. "There would be the devil to pay, Dickie, in that case," Nolan vouchsafed grimly. "Very true--in that case," Ravens- wood allowed, glancing at his watch. He appeared perfectly calm and cool, but others wrere nervous and apprehen- sive, some crouching in the entrance to the tunnels and others against the rough walls, all awaiting the expected explosion. It then lacked only two minutes to nine. It was true, indeed, much more true than any Red Raven even remotely sus- pected. For Joe Glidden, not in the harness thirty years for nothing, had a happy faculty for putting two and two together, and he no sooner had heard Armstrong's story, combining his dis- coveries with his own, than this ex- perienced, keen-sighted, persistent, and relentless Glidden hit upon the truth. One minute to nine. Dark figures then had stolen into Z-- Street, more than a score of them, all trained detectives from head- quarters, each with guns, and ready to kill, if necessary they were stealing in and around the low brick building, covering every discoverable avenue of 