The Parthian Shot 125 Doctor Morris, and that the bullet had been found--one of thirty-two caliber. He was also informed that his pres- ence as a witness would he required at the coroner's investigation the next morning. At this investigation, the testimony brought out the fact that Mr. Reynolds had died from the effects of a bullet wound; that the condition of his clothes indicated a struggle with some one; that no weapon had been found; that the windows of Mr. Reynolds room were found to be locked when exam- ined by the officers; that all windows downstairs, and the outside doors, ex- cept the front door opened by Mrs. Reynolds, were found to be locked when examined immediately after the tragedy; that this front door was also locked against any outsider just be- fore it was opened by Mrs. Reynolds; that the stub of a cigar, of the kind smoked by Mr. Harding, had been found broken and under Mr. Reyn- olds' body; that this brand of cigar was not to be found in Mr. Reynolds stock of cigars, and, in fact, seemed not to be on sale at any of the cigar stores of the city; that Mr. Harding was the last person known to have been with Mr. Reynolds before the latter's death; and that Mr. Reynolds had objected to the frequency of Mr. Harding's calls upon Mrs. Reynolds, and had enter- tained an unfriendly feeling toward Mr. Harding on that account. To Harding, who, with pale face, had sat listening intently, the presenta- tion of these facts had been anything but reassuring. His only comfort had been the expression of assurance upon the face of Wynn, who now addressed the coroner. "I should like to introduce further evidence." "Proceed," was the reply. "After the officers, who had been sent to the Reynolds house, had com- pleted their examination," said Wynn, "I made a further inspection of the room where the body was found." "Under the couch, I found this," he continued, holding up the object. "It is, as you see, a small plumb bob. such as is used by masons and carpenters. What, in particular, aroused my inter- est, however, was the fact that the stout cord attached to the bob had a short piece of thread tied to it at the loose end, and the fact that the plumb bob was found under the davenport, and on a floor which, the maid informed me, had been swept on the day that Mr. Reynolds met his death. The maid further informed me that she was positive that the plumb bob was not on the floor at the time when the floor was swept, and that she had never seen it before. "Although I was unable to see any connection between this plumb bob and the death of Mr. Reynolds, I had the feeling that there was a connection, and returned to the Reynolds house the next morning with the hope of being able to find it. "'From what,' I asked myself, 'had the plumb bob been suspended? Why had it been fastened, as, apparently, it had been, by a thread tied to the cord, instead of being fastened directly by the cord itself? And. why was it thrown or left on the floor of a room used by a man as orderly as Mr. Reyn- olds was known to be?' "These questions, I succeeded in an- swering. "I found a short piece of thread tied to the lower end of the vertical tube of the electric-light chandelier, which is in the center of Mr. Reynolds' room. I also found that the plumb bob, if it had been attached at this point, would have cleared the floor by about a foot. "Just over the chandelier, in the at- tic above this room, there was a short section of flooring which apparently had been removed--and then replaced 