Rogue for a Day 17 No. 3, due at nine o clock that night. And from then until two o'clock the next morning others were due at stated intervals. The entire band, it was evi- dent, was to appear for orders within a few hours and comparison of the book with the printed orders gave Verbeck an inkling of the scheme. The Black Star had, indeed, planned a staggering blow to the city's pride; his band of crooks was to make a specialty of stealing jewels taken from safe-deposit boxes to be worn at the Charity Ball. For a few hours, these valuable jewels would be protected only by ordinary safes in residences, and, during those few hours, the members of the Black Star's band would strike. Verbeck went in to see that the Black Star was as comfortable as he could be while bound and gagged, and then walked over to the window. The storm was dying down ; the snow and sleet had almost ceased to fall, but the cold seemed to be increasing. Returning to the furnished room, he sat down beside the table to wait. An hour from the time Muggs had de- parted, the bell tinkled. Verbeck ad- justed his mask and touched the button that opened the door. In a moment, Muggs stood beside him. "Here are the keys, boss," he said. "I've got the car near the mouth of the alley, and the lights are out. We can take him along the hedge--" "Good!" Verbeck interrupted. They went inside and lifted the Black Star and carried him out. Verbeck took off mask and robe and put them on the table, and one by one blew out the candles. Then he closed the door and helped Muggs carry the Black Star through the musty hall. Another mo- ment, and they were outside. It was not particularly a difficult task to carry their man along the hedge and to the car. and there Verbeck put him in the back and got in beside him, while Muggs took the wheel. They made their way slowly up the hili and to a well-paved street, and there Muggs turned on the lights and the car rushed forward through the night. The old Verbeck place was one of the city's landmarks. It was closed now, and had been closed for the greater part of the past five years. It had been be- queathed Verbeck, the last of his fam- ily, by his father, and the young man had had no desire to repair it and live in it alone, with a staff of servants. He preferred his apartment, and to live in it with no servant except Muggs. But now, betrothed to wed Faustina Wendell, Verbeck was contemplating tearing down the old house and erect- ing a mansion in its place for his bride. The present house occupied the center of the block. It was surrounded by trees and tangled underbrush. The walks about it were in poor condition, and nobody ever approached it. It was to this place that he was taking the Black Star. It was a long, cold ride. The Black Star groaned, and threw his head from side to side, indicating that he wanted the gag removed, but Verbeck declined to accommodate him. He was taking no chances with the Black Star. The machine lurched and skidded along the streets, dashed along boule- vards, swung around corners. Muggs was putting on all possible speed, for the dawn was not far away. The machine was finally brought to a standstill before the double gates that opened into the driveway of the old Verbeck place. Verbeck got out and helped Muggs throw open the gates, and they drove in to the house. There was fuel in the house, and after they had carried the Black Star in and made him comfortable on a couch, Verbeck built a fire in the large grate in the living room. Then he removed the man's gag, and all his bonds except those which held his hands fastened behind his back. 2a 