126 Detective Story Magazine --some time after the flooring had been laid. This I removed, and, under it, I saw the end of a rifle which had been thrust down into the tube of the chan- delier below." Harding sank back into his chair and relaxed with a sigh of relief, but the coroner and the others present con- tinued in their positions of rigid at- tention. "The stock of the rifle", continued Wynn, "had been cut off in order to make concealment under the floor pos- sible. The trigger was connected to an electromagnetic device, also con- cealed under the floor. In the floor of Mr. Reynolds' room is a push button, supposed to be no longer in use, but that it is connected with the electromag- net above, I proved when, by pressing this push button, I was able to release the previously raised gun hammer. "Gentlemen, in that rifle I found this," said Wynn impressively, as he held up another small object. "It is the empty shell of a thirty-two-caliber cartridge." "Your imagination can tell you the rest. Shortly after Charles Harding had left the house, Mr. Reynolds at- tached the plumb bob to the chandelier and lay upon the floor, so that his heart would be just under the plumb bob, and, therefore, directly in the line of fire. He pulled the cord, breaking the thread close to the chandelier, of course, concealed the bob and cord by throwing them under the couch, and, with but the slightest change of his position on the floor, pressed the push button with an outstretched arm. That any living man is responsible for his death. I cannot believe, nor can you, I think, in the face of these facts. "It may be more charitable for us to believe that Mr. Reynolds, mentally un- balanced by worry over his impending financial difficulties, known to a few of his friends, sought nothing but relief in death while trying, at the same time, to avoid the stigma of the suicide; but it is difficult not to entertain the idea that Mr. Reynolds, actuated by jealousy, purposely removed Charles Harding's cigar stub from the ash tray to the floor, purposely disarranged his own clothing, and purposely chose that time for pressing the push button, when the bullet which was discharged into his own body should also serve as a Par- thian shot at the man who had been in his room but a few minutes before." Wynn's evidence led to an immediate verdict of suicide, and every one hastened to shake Harding's hand. Although Harding held no one's hand in as long a grasp as he held Wynn's, his eyes rested often upon the black-gowned figure of Mrs. Reynolds, whose face expressed relief as well as grief. Was not something else fleet- ingly expressed there, too? Gladness? Jov? Harding started toward her as she was about to leave the room, then checked himself abruptly. "Better wait," he thought, and turned again to Wynn. CHARGE BOY WITH FORGERY CLAUDE RAWLINS, eleven years old, is in the county jail at Van Buren. Arkansas, under indictment as a forger. Claude was arrested at Dyer after he had successfully passed checks on the Crawford County Bank at Van Buren. When Claude was arrested in a store at Dyer, he cried a little, and said a man gave him the checks. His father was arrested near Oklahoma City. He entered a plea of guilty, and is under sentence of two years in prison. The father says the boy wrote the checks. 