May and December 109 "Why did not Mrs. Torrey get it?" "Because she did not know exactly where it was." "Did you not take a risk in passing through the halls at that time?" asked Sharpe. "You did not wish any one to know that you were in the house." "That was not important," answered Harley. "If I had been seen, I should simply have gone to Torrey's door and rapped. We quarreled once, you know, but of late our relations had been more cordial. I had to take care when it came to the matter of a long, private conversation with Agnes." "What time was it when you left that room?" "About half past twelve." "Do you suppose that broth was standing outside Torrey's door at that time?" "I know it was," said Harley, "for I saw it." "Well, upon my word," said Sharpe, "this is one of the most peculiar situ- ations that I ever saw. You can clear your client if you go upon the stand as a witness, but in so doing you will cast the gravest suspicion upon yourself." "That is the point that I've been working up to," said Harley calmly. "Who poisoned Norton Torrey, I don't know; but one thing is sure: Sooner than see Agnes bear the blame, I will go on the stand, whether she is willing or not. And, if the worst comes, and she is sure to be convicted, I will not only tell the truth, I will go farther; I will lie upon my oath, and say that I put that poison into the broth myself!" "Let us hope it will not come to that." said Sharpe. "My only hope is in you," replied Harley. "One more question, and I am done: Could Mrs. Torrey have left that room and you not know it?" "Impossible! She must have passed me in the halls or on the stairs. While I was getting that paper, the library door was open, and I could see the bowl of broth standing outside the door." This concluded Sharpe's talk with Harley. From his office, the detective went to the drug store of Doctor Sea- brook. The old druggist had assisted in some of the analyses that had been made, and had seen all the chemists' reports, so that Sharpe expected to get accurate data from him. In this he was not disappointed. Doctor Sea- brook made it clear to the detective that the case was a genuine one of arsenical poisoning, and that it must be futile to attempt to shake the chemical expert testimony. The veteran druggist was very bitter against his young rival in business for having sold poison so recklessly. As to the actual crime, he stoutly defended Mrs. Torrey, and asserted his belief that the case was one of accident, or that the missing maid had done the deed. As to this missing woman, Sharpe was much perplexed. It was impossible that she should have done the deed; yet it was admitted that she had bought the poison, and her flight was highly sus- picious. She had had a quarrel with her mistress a few days before, but it had not been serious enough to war- rant a desperate revenge, or even a sud- den quitting of the house. The detective had very little time in which to work, for he was very desir- ous of clearing Mrs. Torrey--if, in- deed, she was innocent--at the inquest, which was called for the day after that on which Sharpe reached Holliston. It is, however, no new thing for the de- tective to be in a hurry; and he used his scanty time to so good advantage that when he appeared at the inquest the next morning he felt in the highest degree satisfied with the status of the case. It will not be necessary to enter upon any detailed account of that somewhat remarkable inquiry. The climax came 