The Red Raven Stories 85 Presently, replacing the receiver, he tore a leaf from his notebook and wrote on it with a lead pencil. He ihen folded the leaf and placed it. with ob- vious care, in the middle of the tele- phone book, leaving it there. Glidden saw him do it, furtively watching him through one of the win- dows, but he quickly moved away when his quarry turned to leave the booth. "He's up to something, the rat!" he snarled, under his breath. "Why did he telephone, aud to whom? Has Ray- mond told him about the girl? That's not likely, or he would have betrayed it. What did he write and leave in that book? I have it, by thunder! He has planned with some one, probably one of his rascally red-bird confederates, to go there for written instructions, or a communication of some kind. I can nail it. by Jove! and pick him up again before he turns the comer." Ravenswood then was sauntering slowly up the street. Glidden entered the drug store, and hurried into the telephone booth. Seiz- ing the exchange book, he rapidly turned the leaves, and found the folded scrap of paper. He opened it, and read a single mocking, staggering line: Glidden. you're a chump! The significance of it was unmistak- able and irresistible. Glidden vented a fierce oath, then turned like an an- gry bull and rushed out to the street. Ravenswood had disappeared. It was eight o'clock that evening when Glidden and Armstrong met at headquarters and sat down to compare notes, the former immediately stating what had occurred. "A ruse; one of his rat tricks to give me the slip and the laugh--that's what it was!" he snarled bitterly. "The teller told him about the girl. I didn't be- lieve he would even remember it. But it put the rascal wise. He reasoned that the girl would inform me, that she must already have done so, and the tact that I have not approachcd him and openly called him down led him to suspect that he was being shadowed. He clinched it in the telephone booth. "I know, now, curse him! The nickel ring around the mouthpiece re- flected the store door and windows. Though his back was turned that way, it enabled him to see me looking in, and my disguise did not fool him. He left that scurvy scrap of paper, know- ing I would rush in to get it, enabling him to bolt and vanish. Vanish be hanged! I'll not sleep nights till I get him!" "Have you been to the Waldron--" "Waldron--why go there?" Glidden ground his teeth disgustedly. "He'll never set foot in the Waldron again. Let him alone to be too wise for that. But I'll find him, Armstrong, if he stays aboveground. I'll get him, and bury him, blast him! I'll can him for keeps! What about the valet. Nolan? We might nail him." Armstrong shrugged his shoulders expressively. "Too late!" he said tersely. "What do you mean?" snapped Glidden. "I'll tell you. Joe, when your jaw slows down. That's your only safety valve. You'd explode, bang! burst all to smithereens, if you didn't cut loose with your tongue and let off steam. Nolan left the Waldron at precisely noon. He appeared for the first time to have a definite mission. I shadowed him to Z- Street, and there I lost him." "Losing seems to be our long suit. How the devil did you lose him?" "That s the strange part of it," Arm- strong said more seriously. "He en- tered one of the low brick buildings in that section. It is rented by the agent of a New Orleans sugar and molasses firm, a man named Hawley. I'll swear 