$125 to $300 a Month SEND the coupon below and find out about the opportunities in th[e] profession of Signal Engineering. Big salaries are being paid. $125 to $300 month is an ordinary salary for the man who has the proper training. You can get just this kind training right in your own home--during your spare time. We need men. Send the coupon for the book that tells y[ou] all about it You owe it to yourself to find out about the opportunities that are offered to you. Send the coupon no[w] We Need Men The profession of Signal En-gineering is call-ing to ambitious men. Our ranks are not over-crowded. There are opportunites-golden ones, awaiting the men who answer the call. Block Signal systems are no longer in the experi-mental stage. All over the country they are being installed. Some States have leg-islated to compel the railroads to in-stall systems immediately. In our profession you will have the chance you have been looking for. We are calling you. Don't fail to send the coupon today for our big free Sig-nal Book and full particulars. Be a Signal Engineer Be the man who gets the fat pay envelope. The pro-fession of Signal Engineering is only in its infancy. These are thousands of miles of block signals to be installed. Signal Engineers, supervisors, insp[ec]tors and foremen are re-quired to superintend this instal[lat]ion. Hundreds of main-tainers and battery men are needed to maintain systems already in use. Your duties may take you from coast to coast. Railroad men are always in a fortunate position to travel and see the world because free transportation is liberally awarded. You can accept position where you will be located steadily at one place, if you prefer. The positions of authority- the high place and fat pa[y] envelope may be yours. Send the coupon for the free Signal Book. Two Big Outfits FREE Complete Signal Engineer's Outfit and complete Draftsman's outfit given away abso-lutely free to our students. Send Coupon for Big New Book Put your name and address on the coupon or on a letter or a postcard now, and send it to us. Absolutely no obligations of any kind. We will send you our big new Book absolutely free, and prepaid. Read about this fascinating profession. Read about the opportunities that await you. The book is free. Send the coupon for it now-it's the firs[t] step toward the realization of your ambition. Get your name and address in at once. Department of signaling Room 1103-1810 Wilson Ave., Ravenswood Station Chicago Department of Signaling Room 1103, 1810 Wilson Ave. Ravenswood Station, Chicago Gentlemen:-Please send me absolutely free and prepaid your big new book on Signal Engineer-ing. Also full particulars about your great special free outfit offer. It is distinctly understood that I assume no obligations of any kind. Name.......................................... Address............................................. Age............... Occupation........................... 