44 Detective Story Magazine there John Brittain had been found dead, only the day before. My com- panion's next speech came as a distinct shock: "Tom--don't tell me I'm getting nutty--do you think it possible that my uncle met with foul play?" Strange how little control we have over our own thoughts. Here was I, prepared with my last breath to de- fend my old chum against the sugges- tion from any one else that he might be an accomplice of his uncle's mur- derer. Yet, at these few words, inno- cently uttered, I caught myself wonder- ing if he could be playing a part. Why had he asked that question? What had suggested "foul play" to his mind--un- less he knew, and desired to know whether I suspected? His next words relieved me, reveal- ing, as they did. the perfectly logical working of his thoughts. "I can't help thinking that he must have had some secret enemy. Why has Mildred been kidnaped? Where has she been taken? Who is responsible? "And if we could answer these ques- tions, might we not find that Uncle John was murdered--by the use of some subtle poison of which medical science knows nothing?" "There is something in what you say, Bob--at least there would be if I didn't happen to know exactly what caused your uncle's death." There was a crash outside the door. Without a moment's loss of time, I flung it open. A jardinière which had stood in the hall, close to the door, on the side from which it opened, had fallen from an Oriental stool on which it had rested, and lay shattered at our feet. A big rubber plant it had con- tained lay among the débris, the damp soil staining the valuable Persian rug. There was no one in sight, and while I looked into Bob Brittain's pallid face --he had closely followed me into the hall--the front-door bell rang. In a few moments, Fielding appeared from the servants staircase. His eye- brows went up slightly in astonishment. "This thing fell over of its own ac- cord. I think I must have brushed against the plant on entering the room, and perhaps moved the whole thing rather near the edge." "It was a trifle large for the pot, sir," said the butler. "With your permis- sion, gemlemen, I shall open the door. I believe it is Mr. Whiting. I shall have the wreckage cleaned up immedi- ately, sir." Obeying his gentle hint, we returned to the library, and waited for him to announce the lawyer. I thought I had been most convincing in my pretense at believing myself responsible for the ac- cident; but I would have staked a thou- sand dollars that that most estimable butler had had his ear glued to the key- hole while we were talking. Something he heard had startled him so violently that he had forgotten all about the plant in the jardinière, and, stepping back suddenly, had knocked it over. Was it the sound of footsteps on the steps outside; or had my words appeared ominous to a guilty conscience, I won- dered. "Confounded funny business, that thing going over like that!" Bob Brittain's nerves were still shaky. I was saved the necessity of re- plying by the entrance of the butler. "Mr. Whiting," he announced, and the lawyer came briskly into the library. "How do, Brittain? Hello, doc!" Grave of face, as befitted the occa- sion, he could not altogether suppress his usual buoyant spirits. We shook hands. "How is Miss Brittain this morn- ing? Better composed than when I saw her yesterday, I hope?" Our manner told him there was some- thing wrong. "What is it? Nothing serious, I 