100 Detective Story Magazine that, he visited or telephoned his pros- pective guests, and everything was settled. Anthony Sutherland deserves more than a passing mention. He was a great, big negro, with a visage so round and regular that it was hard to perceive where his forehead ended, and his short, close-cropped hair began. His eyes were sleepy-looking, and his face wore an imbecile, idiotic ex- pression. Looking at him, one won- dered whether he could count ten. Minus a neck, his head sat awk- wardly on one edge of his great, cir- cular body; at the opposite edge were two short, small legs that seemed wholly unequal to the sixteen stone of meat and fat which Sutherland took with him wherever he went. It did not seem as if he could walk five yards in an hour, though there were many who would swear that they had seen him do a quarter mile, flat, behind a fleeting burglar, in considerably less than two minutes. But, then, Suther- land was the kind of man of whom nothing should be expected, yet of whom anything might be expected. And, at Sutton Street, he was in- valuable. The luncheon at Myrtle Bank was a merry one. Inspector Cameron sat at the head of the table; at his right, De Launcey, and at his left, Sutherland, faced each other. Below were half a dozen other guests, who had interested themselves in the mystery. Six bulky waiters, flat-footed and awkward, had served the different viands, cleared away the things, and just brought on the champagne with large beer glasses. "What is this new stunt you are trying to play on us. Crowley?" one of the guests asked of the manager at the farther end of the table. "I really didn't mind having to eat my ice with a butter knife, but I positively can't drink champagne from these mugs." "It puzzled me too, at first," admit- ted the manager, "but now I seem to understand. Mr. Sutherland selected his own waiters, and I see the idea is to give us an extravagant burlesque, though he seems to be overdoing it." "We excuse him," said Cameron, with a laugh. Nobody could expect better of Sutherland, anyhow. After the laugh had subsided, De Launcey raised his glass, and drank to the Jamaica police. Cameron rose to reply, but Suther- land pulled him back by the tail of his coat, and rose in his stead. "Gentlemen," he said; "Inspector Cameron has permitted me to reply for him to the toast just proposed; and I beg to thank our distinguished visitor for his appreciation, as well as for as- sistance he voluntarily offered, when we seemed confronted with a great mystery. I trust that before he leaves our shores, he may have further oppor- tunity of seeing the ins and outs of our police system." "Sit dowm now, Sutherland," said one of the guests, in a loud whisper. "You made a good start; if you go on. you will get your foot in your mouth." "I arranged for this party," con- tinued Sutherland, "because I wanted to tell you something about the gem that has just been lost and recovered; because, like other valuable stones, it, too, has a history. "Several years ago, while I was in New York, the Jewelers' Association held an exposition at the Grand Cen- tral Palace. Among the gems there exhibited, was the great Sultana Crescent, kindly lent for the occasion by Colonel Ransome, of Cleveland, Ohio. It happened that I was at that time employed as a porter in the Grand Cen- tral Palace, and had a good opportunity of observing the Crescent, and of learn- ing several interesting facts about it. Colonel Ransome himself did not know 