24 Detective Story Magazine "Why don't you call in the police, boss?" "And spoil everything? I'm going through with this now--I'm going to nab the Black Star and his gang." "Then there's something big com- ing off, and I'm not to be in on it?" Muggs demanded. "Neither am I. Muggs--at the mo- ment it comes off. But we'll both be in at the finish and we'll, be there strong. Just curb your curiosity, Muggs, until this evening. I'll explain everything then. Careful, now, and don't let the Black Star escape. I fancy you've been aggravating him." "Aw, boss--" "He looks it. Haven't you?" "I was just reciting a list of his sins, boss." "Well, Muggs, recite less and keep your eyes open more. Watch every move he makes. Don't you use that telephone, and don't let the Black Star get near it. I had it connected so we can use it to-night. Now, I'm off!" He got in the roadster and started back downtown. He stopped before a suburban drug store and went into a telephone booth. He had not wanted to send this telephone message from his own apartment nor from the old Ver- beck place, for it might be traced. He called police headquarters, and asked to be connected with the chief. No, he said, the chief's secretary wouldn't do. It was something about the Black Star. In a moment he heard the chief's gruff voice. "Listen carefully," Verbeck told him. "for I am not going to repeat what I say or answer questions. This is very important, and if you disregard it you'll be sorry. Have your secretary get on the phone extension and take down in shorthand what I am going to say." There was a short wait while the chief made the necessary arrangements, then Verbeck heard himself commanded to speak. "I have run down and caught the Black Star," he said. "I am holding him prisoner now. I cannot hand him over to you just yet, for, if I did, and the least news of it leaked out, you'd never catch one of his gang, and, with- out his gang, you never could convict him. Never mind how I know it--I am not talking nonsense. You've got that?" An excited voice told him that the chief understood. "Now, listen to this," Verbeck went on. "I have arranged for all the Black Star's band to be at a certain place at the same time, so you and your men can take them all. Keep quiet, chief, and don't ask questions. I want you to send men enough to arrest them eight men and two women are in the crowd. They are to be arrested just when and where I say. If you let as much as one of them escape, all my work and yours probably will have been for nothing. When you get them, you'll find stolen property on every one. And as soon as I learn you have all of them under arrest, I'll turn over the Black Star to you, I'll tell you where and how he met the members of his gang and gave them orders, and I'll let you have the inside workings of one of the smoothest crooks' schemes ever de- vised. But, if you make one false move--" A torrent of words over lire wire stopped him for a moment. "No questions, I said," he went on. "You have understood so far? Very well! No, I'll not tell you who I am or where I am! Very well, if you'll not listen! I'll call you up later, when you're in a better mood, and explain where you are to make the catch. Good-by!" And an irate Roger Verbeck strode from the telephone booth, went out to the street, and sprang into his car, to 