60 Detective Story Magazine mighty curious little ornament you sport there. What does it represent?" He smiled and good-naturedly took out his watch, handing it to me to let me examine the thing at the end of a short length of braided silk. "Why, it's a white bear cub!" I ex- claimed. "Represents my principles," he re- sponded casually. "It means I'm a democrat--not in the political sense; just a believer in the equality of man, and all that sort bf thing, you know. I'm a Cub, you see." "A cub!" I pretended not to understand. "Member of a fraternal order, don't you know--the Order of the White Bear. I don't know much about the inner circles of the organization. Most of the members are just Cubs. It's no end of an honor to be asked to take the higher degrees. "But the Cubs are interesting. You've no idea how entertaining your tailor, for instance, can be if you'll meet him on an equal footing. All sorts belong, and there are no social distinc- tions inside the lodge room." I became enthusiastic. "Why, that's just fine!" I exclaimed. "My own views run along those same lines, and all this affected superiority of one class over another disgusts me. I believe in equal opportunity for all and--well, I wouldn't want to bore you with all my revolutionary principles. Can a foreigner join this order you speak of?" "Surest thing--if a member in good standing vouches for him. Most of the members are of foreign origin, so far as that goes. It's only recently the regular fellows have been taking it up. Sort of fad, you know. Doesn't have to be taken too seriously." The Order of the White Bear was to be taken a good deal more seriously than Bob Brittain then realized. "By the way," he continued, "that reminds me, there's a meeting Tuesday night. Some fellow from the Interme- diate Degree is to be there to install newly elected officers. Part of the cer- emony is open to friends of members, so you can come along. Afterward I'll propose you, if you want me to, and you can become the possessor of one of these little trinkets yourself for the small sum of fifty dollars--and fifty dollars annual dues, not to mention an occasional assessment." "Good! I'm with you," I agreed, and we shook hands on the bargain. To be concluded in the next issue of DETECTIVE STORY MAGAZINE, out March 20th. FAILURE TO AVOID SENTENCE MAYOR, I can hypnotize you in the very chair in which you are seated," said Arthur Ryan, aged twenty-eight, a mind reader and fortune teller, who attempted to ply his trade in Alexandria, Indiana, without a license. Mayor Wales told him he had the privilege of sending him--the mayor--into a trance. "If you hypnotize me, there will be no police court," said the mayor, "and, on the other hand, if you fail, we will have court." The hypnotic agent went through numerous gestures, waving his hands and rolling his eyes. His honor the mayor stood pat. "That's enough of that stuff," he finally said, "You violated a city ordinance, and, besides, you are charged with drunken- ness and malicious destruction of property. Your fine will be six dollars and costs and six months at the State Penal Farm." 