THE HOUND OF PEDRO 567    against the sand; only their faces wreathed in wonderment and vague fear. They could not know, dared not guess their fate. Did Pedro mean to leave them here to starve and die? Would they suffer hunger, thirst, the torment of heat? Would the wheel- ing vultures come to feast?   THE tribe watched, impassive, held in check by Pedro's crew. They saw Pedro conversing with the dark man, and the swarthy squint-eyed one with the rings in his ears. They heard Pedro whisper to the squint-eyed one, and he laughed terribly and cursed in his outlandish tongue.  Then Black Pedro motioned to his soldiers, and they forced the throng away. There were fathers, mothers, wives, children of the ten young braves in that group; they were herded back with the rest.  Ten pairs of eyes followed them-- ten pairs of eyes from heads set in the sand. Hopeless, helpless eyes.  The men escorted the savages back to the village. Pedro, the dark man, and the squint-eyed lieutenant re- mained all alone with the buried, liv- ing heads.  What occurred in the next few hours could never be rightly known. But the Yaquis could guess. For there were terrible hintings.  Several soldiers went into the con- vent and presently returned carrying great wooden balls of hardened fiber. These they carried back into the des- ert.  The savages had seen Pedro roll these balls along the inner lawn of the convent garden at times; he and the dark man were adept at bowling.  The balls were carried with them into the desert. Perhaps that was what Pedro had whispered to make      the others laugh. He might have conceived a jest.  Ten-pins. Ten heads.  The heavy wooden balls rumbled thunderously as they rolled across the flat sands. The sound of human screams rose unmistakably over the booming.  When Pedro and his companions returned it was already dark. Their faces were flushed as though from exertion. When the released tribes- men hastened out to the desert, they could find no trace of heads in the sand. The men had vanished. But in the twilight when Black Pedro re- turned, they had seen ominous stains on the wooden bowling-balls.  The natives asked no questions, but their scowls deepened to the impas- sive malignity of the savage enraged. They dared not search the spot or linger to dig up that which they sus- pected lay beneath the sands; dared not search because it was night.  At night, Pedro's hound was abroad. It roamed their village at will, descended even to the mines where they toiled under the lash by day. When hungry, the beast sprang on the native nearest--unless an alert white guard beat it off in time. Some- times the guard would not bother to repulse the hound if the attacked na- tive was old and feeble.  That hound. . . .  The Yaquis feared it more than they did their vicious but human mas- ter. They began to conceive queer fancies connected with both of these oppressors. These fancies were based on their scanty knowledge of what went on behind the convent walls where Pedro and his men lived in guarded seclusion. No one entered the place save to be conducted into dungeons and torture chambers be-