THE HOUND OF PEDRO 571    posefully down the stairs. With pre- scient intelligence it stalked to the further of the two stone slabs and took its place upon it. Pedro reluc- tantly followed suit, mounting the second slab.  And then the Moor took up the basin, filled with red and silver bub- bles that glistened in the light. And the tapers were snuffed out so that darkness fell upon the crypt, and only a strange red light flamed forth from the basin in the wizard's hands. That, and the emberous glow from the hound's deep eyes. . . .  The hound lapped at the basin's contents with a long red tongue. Pedro sipped, his lips ashen with ter- ror. The Moor stood beneath the cross and crescent in the pulsing dark- ness. He raised his arms in a gesture of invocation as man and beast sank into coma deep as death. Sibilantly came the wizard's prayer.  "Ahriman, Lord of Beasts and Men--"  5  HIS sword was crimson when Manuel Digron raced down the darkened stairs. Behind him lay nightmare; nightmare and screaming death in the black reaches of the mission walls. The men-at-arms slew swiftly, but the Yaquis remained to mangle and maim in bloody attack.  The surprise attack had been suc- cessful. The Indians and the Spaniards had converged on the mission, and the forty were slain--murdered in their beds, for the most part; though a few had put up stout resistance under the leadership of the buccaneer.  Now Don Manuel Digron sought the cellar, with Diego and his lieu- tenants at his heels. The torches      brought light as they rounded the curve in the stairs, and for a moment Manuel stared aghast.  The dead, bloodless thing lay on the table. Before it stood a turbaned fig- ure, rapt in prayer; and behind it the two dreadful slabs of stone, on which lay a man and a gigantic hound. The lips of the hound and the lips of the man were alike bloody. And the hound squatted in a dreadfully man-like fashion, while the man crouched. It was unnatural, that tableau.  At Manuel's descent, turmoil came. The Moor looked up and wheeled about, snatching a dagger from his scarved waist. Manuel dodged the de- scending weapon and thrust his sword upward so that it pierced the dark man's belly.  Then it ripped upward dreadfully, so that a crimson-gray torrent gushed forth from the side, and the Moor dropped writhing into death.  Then Manuel advanced to the slab where Black Pedro Dominguez lay. The great swarthy man cringed and gibbered, but drew no weapon. In- stead he cowered, whimpering like a beast when Manuel's sword ran him through.  Manuel turned upon the hound, but the great beast had already sprung. Two men-at-arms stood on the stairs, and it leaped for the first one's throat. He fell, and beast-jaws crunched. The mighty creature turned as the other soldier raised his lance. A great paw brushed spear and shield aside; then talons ripped into the man's face and left behind only a furrow of bleeding horror.  The hound was silent, ghastly silent; it did not growl or bay. Instead it turned and rose. On two hind legs it stood, in monstrous simulation, of hu- manity; then it turned and raced up the