The Eyrie    THE host of admirers of the late Robert E. Howard's Conan stories in Weird Tales will be interested to learn that The Hyborian Age has been published in mimeograph form by Forrest J. Ackerman and the other editors of that excel- lent weird story "fan" magazine, Imagina- tion. The copy that has reached the editor's desk informs us that the edition is limited to one hundred copies. The foreword is taken from The Phoenix on the Sword (the first of the Conan stories, which appeared in WEIRD TALES six years ago). A mourn- ful touch is the inclusion of an introductory letter by the late H. P. Lovecraft, who last year followed Howard into the shadows. The booklet contains a full-page map, drawn by Howard himself, showing the different countries that were the scenes of Conan's weird adventures. A similar map has long been in possession of the editor of WEIRD TALES, who treasures it as one of his most valued possessions. The booklet ends with a resume of the Conan sagas in chronological order of occurrence with the date in which each appeared in WEIRD TALES.   Some Magnificent Jewel  Warren J. Oswald writes from Fort William D. Davis, Canal Zone: "Please pardon the interruption, but I just had to get in my two cents' worth. I have just finished the August issue of WT, and think it's swellegant, to use an ancient phrase. I'm not, at the present time, in the tomato busi- ness, but I just can't resist the temptation to throw a few. Re Seabury Quinn's The      Venomed Breath of Vengeance; it was a good story, but seemed rather prosaic for WT. On the other hand, every time Quinn goes off the beaten track (Jules de Grandin, to you) he picks up some magnificent jewel in the wastelands, polishes it up, and gives it to the readers in one splendid, coruscating, blinding flash. And, gee, do I love it! It just goes to show you what he can do. The Globe of Memories and Roads are among the more scintillating of these gems. . . . Other topics: The cover, for instance. Even though Mrs. Brundage's covers are artistic and striking, I would like very much to see a scene from a city of the future, or some like subject. Just for a change, you know. And when are we going to get another Northwest Smith tale? C. L. Moore has been altogether too silent lately. We haven't heard from this author since the story, Quest of the Starstone   A New Reader  Harry Warner, Jr., writes from Hagers- town, Maryland: "I'm a new reader of Weird Tales, having been getting it only for the last two issues, but I've been reading this type of story, and enjoyed it, for a long time, and so I was very much pleased when I finally found a place here in town where WT might be bought. The real thing, I think, that caused me to start buying it was Dust in the House--for whenever I see Doctor Keller's name I know that I will enjoy anything written by him. Dust in the House was, I think, the best thing in these two issues, followed very closely by Love-   635