566 WEIRD TALES    to the south. Even now a messenger to Yaztan was on his way, and that champion would raise an army of thousands to march against this in- vader.  Pedro listened, chuckled. He beck- oned to the turbaned figure of the Moor behind him. Smiling with cryp- tic relish, the Arab bowed and left the room. In a moment he returned, bearing a leathern saddle-bag.  Pedro placed it on the table before him. Then he faced the silent Indian.  "Yaztan," he said. "I have heard of this Yaztan, the mighty chief. Is it not true that he is said to have a ring of gold set within his nose, and has pierced his cheeks with golden bracelets?"  The Indian nodded in assent.  Pedro smiled, looked at the Yaqui without comment, and opened the bag on the table.   SOMETHING shriveled and dry rolled out--something that held the glit- ter of gold about a crumbled nose and sparkled yellowly in bloodless cheeks. There were no eyes in this--the head of Yaztan.  "I have already visited your chief," Pedro purred. "Before he died he told me of this place; of its mission, and of your tribe's mines. He spoke of your gold, and by the nature of your people's ornaments I see that he spoke truly. Now, as I have said, you will mine this gold for us. You have heard my terms; think them over. Or perhaps you might join Yaztan--"  Thus began the tryranny of Black Pedro; the dreadful days of bondage about which men still whisper.  They tell how Pedro visited the crude native mines, and how he or- dered them enlarged and changed so      that the labors of his servants might be increased. They speak of the man- ner in which he conscripted all the able-bodied males of the tribe, so that the women were forced to hunt while their men-folk toiled in the mines, guarded over by the bearded white men with their flame-rods that dealt death to the disobedient and their whips that bloodied the backs of the lag- gard and weary. They tell also of the gold that was piled in the mission towers, of the ingot-lined chambers at the church where now Black Pedro dwelt.  They speak with shame about the usage accorded their women by Pedro and his men, of Maquila the chief- tain's daughter who danced to the stroke of whips in the courtyard when she failed to please the strange dark man who rode behind Black Pedro. They whisper of young virgins who disappeared each month; for with every moon Pedro exacted the tribute of a maiden.  The dark man would come at dusk to the village and demand the girl; then she would ride away to the mis- sion house and disappear. No one dared approach that night, though the screaming sometimes would be borne afar on the lonely wind; no one dared ask next day why the girl did not re- turn.  There was asking at first; the chief's son came, with ten young men. And Pedro scowled at them, while his hirelings seized the youths in sight of the entire tribe. They were stripped and carried to the desert. Here Black Pedro caused holes to be dug in the sand and in these holes were lowered the bodies of the young tribesmen, and earth was heaped around so that they stood buried up to the neck.  Only their heads stood silhouetted