LEONORA 633    became uneasy at our long journey, and was reassured. Had he who sat behind the wheel refused to answer my questioning then, perhaps I would then have become frantic with terror. But his deep, soothing voice worked a spell on me once more; and in his reply I thought I could detect a real solicitude which comforted me. I was assured that we would shortly reach my father's house; I would slip in before my father could possibly have waked, and avoid questioning.  As the night grew older, it became more dismal. The moon which had swung high overhead sent long shad- ows scurrying from every tree and shrub, every hill and hummock, as we dashed by. The wind had fallen, but yet blew hard enough to make a moan- ing, wailing sound which seemed to follow us through the night. The clouds that had swept in great masses across the sky had changed their shapes, and trailed in long, somber, broken stream- ers like torn black banners. The smell of dank, soggy earth and rotting leaves, of mold and decay, was heavier since the wind had sunk a little. Suddenly, I had a great need for reassurance and comfort. My heart seemed breaking with loneliness, and with a strange, un- reasoning despair.  I turned to the silent figure at my side. And it seemed that he smelled of the stagnant odor of decay that filled the night--that the smell, and the oppression, were heavier because I had leaned nearer to him!  I looked--with a more intense gaze than I had yet turned on him--not at the face that bent above me now, the face that still eluded and baffled me-- but down at the arm next me, at the sleeve of his cloak of heavy, black cloth. For something had caught my eye--something moved--oh, what was      this horror, and why was it so horrible? --a slowly moving worm upon his sleeve?  I shuddered so that I clashed my teeth together. I must control myself.   AND then, as though my deep alarm were the cue for the hidden event to advance from the future upon me, the car was gliding to a stop. I tore my horrified gaze from the black-clad arm, and looked out of the car. We were gliding into a cemetery!  "Not here! Oh, don't stop here!"  I gasped the words, as one gasps in a nightmare.  "Yes. Here."  The deep voice was deeper. It was deep and hollow. There was no com- fort in it.  The mask was off my fear, at least. I was face to face with that, though I had not yet seen that other face.  I leaped from the car, and fell faint- ing beside it. Black, low-hung, and long, and narrow--I had been to but one funeral in my life, but I knew it now. It was the shape of a coffin!  After that, I had no hope. I was with a madman, or--  He dragged me--in gloved hands through which the hard, long fingers bruised my flesh--past graves, past tombstones and marble statues, and I was numb. I saw among the graves, or seemed to see--oh, let me say I saw strange things, for I have seen them since; and I was numb.  He dragged me toward an old, old, sunken grave headed by a time-stained stone that settled to one side, so long it had marked that spot. And suddenly the nightmare dreaminess that had dulled my senses gave way to some keener realization of the truth. I strug- gled, I fought back with all my little strength, till I tore the glove from his