I FOUND CLEOPATRA 541    Keeping ever the narrow opening of the pass, which appeared as a lighter blur between the towering blackness of the cliffs before me, I drew steadily nearer to the mountain range ahead.  Of course I had not forgotten the dangers behind. Whatever might lie ahead, there was always the chance that the warriors of Achmet Bey had followed.  Being armed with only a revolver I would be unable to make much of a resistance, nor could I hope to hold my own in flight with those trained desert horsemen. Several times I drew rein to listen for the telltale sound of gallop- ing hoofs.  At length I reached the mountains, to follow along the rock trail that led through them. It wound in and out of a score of huge boulders, but its length could not have been more than a quar- ter of a mile. At the far end the cliffs ended to show a waste of desert below. Away on the horizon to the right the broad Atlantic rolled in the moonlight, behind which rose the glittering out- lines of some massive structure, three or four miles away.  How such a place had come to be on a barren, semi-civilized coast, or why it should be agleam with lights at three in the morning, was but another in a long string of mysteries, and I was for resuming my journey, when on round- ing a projecting high boulder past which the trail continued I was brought to a sudden and surprising stop.  There, directly before me in the mid- dle of the trail, was a heavy, white- robed figure, upon a black horse. From my own mount I could see his sudden start. Instinctively I knew this to be Achmet Bey, the returning brother of the sheik.  There was a silence as we stared at each other, then: "Halt!" cried the      Arab. "Who are you that travels at such an hour?"  My hand tightened around my re- volver. "One who would resume his journey," I answered.  I could see him lingering with the rifle that lay across the saddle before him, and peering ahead as though dis- pleased with my answer. Then sud- denly he must have realized the truth.  "You're a white man--and escap- ing!" His trained hand slid to the trigger of his rifle. "But I stand be- tween you and freedom, unbeliever."   "You bar it at your own risk, Ach- met Bey. I am armed!" I shouted.  Only for an instant the Arab was si- lent. Then with a wild whoop and a command to his charger, Achmet Bey set spurs to his horse and dashed to- ward me, even as my own mount sprang ahead to meet him.  At the same instant the barrel of his rifle glared a red and angry thunder, while I leaned forward on my horse and sent a murderous reply.   5. Beyond the Last Outpost  AS THE white-robed Arab charged toward me on that rocky little trail, I had instinctively leaned forward on the neck of my own mount.  It is to that movement I owe my life. The bullet of my foe would have blown out my brains had I been erect. As it was it whistled through my hair. The next instant he thundered past, a dozen inches to the left of me, but as I wheeled in my saddle I could see the shudder of his massive form. His horse galloped on, yet the man must have kept his saddle for a hundred yards before he sank forward, then plunged headlong to the ground.  I followed, and with ready revolver was on the sand almost as soon as he,