The Indian Helper A WSS1W M¥fEK FROM TSM CABUUUUK MBIAM ITOTOraiAJU S©K@@1. X® mYM AM© ©IB&S. VOLUME III. CARLISLE, PA., FRIDAY, JANUARY 27, 1888. NUMBER 5^. DARE- Dare to be brave in the cause of the right, Dare with the enemy ever to fight. Dare to be loving and patient each day, Dare speak the truth whatever you say. Dare to be gentle, and orderly, too, Dare shun the, evil whatever you do. Dare to speak kindly, and ever be true, Dare to do right, and you’ll find your way through. Dare to be honest, good, and sincere, Dare to please God, and then never fear. —[Selected. EJVOISES AM) BOYS? everybody else had, a tea-kettle^ But he was always asking himself the “whys” of things, why the steam lifted up the top of the kettle, and why it could not be made to lift up some- thing else, too. The Man-on-the-band-stand can foretell one thing. It is the boys and the girls who are always thinking and studying, and trying^to answer their own questions who are going to do the most for themselves and others. Is it going to be engines and boys, or boys and engines here? • BE NEAT. Xjtist Six ! u L'vlay there was a grand procession from the Junction to the School. The new en- gine marked, “Uncle Sam, Indian School, Carlisle, Pa.,” had come, and it took forty boys—that day—to draw it to its new quar- ters. This seems a good many, even for a first class hand engine. But when one comes to think of it; they must be very remarkable boys to have it take only forty of them to run “Uncle Sam.” The business has never been done so cheaply before. It is a very pretty engine resplendent with red and gilt, but the important thing about it is that it will do good work. It is soon to be taken out to be tried. It was made in Brock- ton, a town in Massachusetts where they turn a great deal of iron into gold. How do they do this? By manufacturing machinery, sell- ing it and making money on it. Talking of engines brings to mind steam engines, locomotives and all the other kinds' and this instead of making us say “engines and boys,” brings us to a boy and engines. Because we owe almost all the wonderful work that steam engines do to a boy who iived nearly one hundred and fifty years ago; he did not do all his work when he was a boy, but he began it, for it was then that he found out how very strong steam was; and here- solved to make steam his servant. What did he have to find this out with? Only what You can tell a great deal about the charac- ter of boys and girls by looking into the rooms they occupy, or even into their desks. If the books, are.Jjynhl <‘d together and jMishpO- l»T with the slate on top, and crumpled papers in the corners, you may be pretty sure that their work is of the same careless, slovenly charac- ter. Be neat. Don’t throw bits of paper on the floor. Don’t be careless with your rooms or your desks, and don’t do anything in a slipshod way. It pays to be honest and true! It pays to be polite, and it pays to be neat, and order- ly- I have once of a lady who wished to take a little girl and educate her. There were three or four that seemed worthy, and she could not decide which one to choose. At last she invited them to spend a week with her. The first would come down to breakfast with her dress and hair in disorder; the second left her books and work lying just where she had used them; the third did not see the dust on the thing in her room, while the fourth not only kept herself and her room neat, hut also helped to put away what the others left lying around. Can you guess which one the lady chose? I think I heard you say—“The last one!” Yes, and she never regretted doing so, for the little girl grew up to be not-only a self-lielper but a helper of other people. People wonder how she manages to get so much work done, (Continued on Fourth Page.) PRINTED EVERY FRIDAY, AT THE INDIAN INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, CARLISLE, PA., BY THE INDIAN PRINTER BOYS. Price:—10 cents a year. Address Indian Helper, Carlisle,, 1>. Miss M. Burgess, Manager. Entered in the P. O. at Carlisle as second class mail matter* 4®- The Indian Helpf.r is PRINTED by Indian boys, but KDITFDby The-man-on-the-band-stand, who is NOT ari Indian. The ini>r a n II elpeR is paid for in advance, wo do not hesitate to take the paper from the Post Office, for fear a hill will be presented. The four pupils who visited in Washington for four days last week saw a good deal of the city in their few days’ visit,-and enjoyed them- selves very much. They went to the Capitol, even to its dome, to the Army and Navy De- partments, to the Senate, which however w'as not in session,to the House ofRepresentatives, and to Mrs. Cleveland’s reception. Here, as one of the crowd, they had the pleasure of shaking hands with that lady. It was a great satisfaction, no doubt, but,like so many other people, they would have liked the sweetness a little longer drawn out, for they were obliged to pass by so quickly that, really, they had no chance to see how Mrs. Cleve- land looked. So. after passing out from the Blue Room they doubled on their steps, a practice not altogether peculiar to Indians, and by looking through a window from an- other room managed to get a good view of the fair hostess. But below all the pleasant impressions, and .deepened by all that they saw and heard, is the conviction that what they, can do for themselves by the aid of their teachers is the opportunity for them. The Indians may have to wrait for Congress to act for them, but they need not wait to learn what will make them ready to meet all the good things that come; this waits for them. So, a little more of Carlisle, please, before they are ready to get all the good of Washington. And the best way to find tliis out was to go to Washington. We send you a short accountof theproceed- ings, at the. last meeting of the P. I. Society. After roll call, the minutes were read and accepted. The president called for new names for membership. There were none suggested. The chairman of the committee on arrange- ments read her report. Unfinished business:—A letter from Mrs. Campbell,in reply to one written to her by the' society, was read. New business:—Oue of the members proposed that we "write letters of encouragement to the girls at Haskell Insti- tute, who are trying to start a society. The motion was put before the house and stood ac- cepted. Accordingly, the following com- mittee was appointed to write the letters: Julia Bent, Clara Faber, and Lucinda Clinton. Then came the general program which con- sisted of songs, recitations, compositions and reading. The critic made her remarks. A committee on arrangements was appointed, and the meeting adjourned. The Indian Union Debating Society held its meeting in the chapel Tuesday evenifig, and gave us tilt* pros aud cons of the question of running railroads through the Indian reserva- tions. The pros had it, as the judges, and the audience decided. But the cons made the j best of their side and showed themselves pos- j sessed of the imagination necessary to put I themselves in the place of the old Indians on the reservations who are afraid of nothing so much as locomotives, except ideas. The argu- ments were made with spirit, and the meeting was interesting. Mr. Mason Pratt who since his graduation has been employed, at Lehigh at the Phcenix- ville Pa., Bridge Co., hJis accepted a higher position in the Johnstown Steel Works,in this state. He is at home for a few days ’ restand visit before entering upon the duties of his new position. Mr. Jas. Barr of Paisley, Scotland, has been visiting his cousins, the Misses Wilson, for a. few days. He intends to sail from New York for home on Saturday. He had never seen any Indians before, and seemed greatly in- terested in our work. He thinks if Buffalo Bill would convert the Wild West show into such a school as Carlisle, a very different im- pression would be made upon the people on the other side of the "big water,’' as to what tfee United States Government is doing for the Indians. John and Cyrus Dixson keep us in mind. Together with the renewal of their subscrip- tions to the Helper comes a club of sixteen subscribers from the Albuquerque school. It would seem as though Henry Kendall knew of. the Dixson enterprise, for, not to be out- done, he sends us a club from Rutgers College about the same time. The carpenters are remodeling the shops. We hear that Rosa Dion is at the Genoa School, Neb. The herdic has been sent to the blacksmith’s shop for repairs. The painters have put up the signs over the different shops. This will be a great conveni- ence to visitors. The new cart was painted by Burdett,one of the Florida Apache boys. It is a very credi- table piece of work. The little boys’ bagatelle board has been made new again. It has done good service, and has long been a source of amusement, Jack Mather who left us three years ago for St. Augustine, Florida, where he has been working for himself, returned last week, sick. Mice, mice in the Little Boys’ Quarters, two-legged, white-coated mice scampering through the halls. Too bad( Drive them out of the new quarters. A sample wardrobe for the boys has been made and approved. Three wardrobes in one so that each of I lie three boys in the room may have his own wardrobe. Where are the diplomas (hat the harness-, makers have from time to time received from State and County fairs? They should be hung upon the walls of the new shop. Sweep under the beds and in the corners, boys. The Old Man lias been peeping around and did not find things as nice in the new quarters as he would like. Too much play! The Assembly and Reading Rooms in the quarters have heen lettered, so that hereafter visitors may know where to find them. This work was done by Christopher Tyndall, Oma- ha. When a young man sees a lady drive up to4 a hitching post, alight, and begin to fasten her horse, why doesn’t he go forward and fasten the horse for her? A young gentle- man does it. A number of boys have beeu busy all the week cutting wood. They have had to work fast to keep warm. As it is a good thing to work fast when one works at all, this shows us one of the benefits of winter weather. Miss Irvine has come back to us much bet- ter, although it will be a little while yet be- fore all her strength returns to her. Thursday the teachers of Nos. 7, 8, 9, re- ceived an invitation from Dr. McCauley for themselves and their pupils, to attend a meeting of prayer for schools and colleges, to be held in Bosler Hall, Carlisle. But on account of the storm only those who could ride went. Later from the shops. The diplomas on the walls of the new harness shop add greatly to the appearance and give credit to whom credit is due. (The Old Man asks in a whisper if it was possible that his remarks were, overhead.) The large boys have now a table in each room. With those in the Reading and Assent bly Rooms, there are ninety-five in all. Seventy-four of these tables were made by Joel Tyndall, Frank Jannies, William Bull, and William S. Bear in seventeen half days. For a few days, a very few days, probably, the morning classes in No. 9 are to be heard by the older pupils, each leader to hear the recitation of his own class. In the afternoon Miss Fisher, the principal, takes the recita- tion. This is because Miss Bender is on duty at the printing office until the arrival of Miss Cook who was formerly at Carlisle. The-Man-on-the-Rand-Stand must be par- doned if he doe3 not exhibit his usual sunni- ness of disposition and keenness of spirit, lie is depressed by the departure of his chief clerk and does not expect to be himself again until the return of that most valued and im- portant functionary. Indeed, the barometer of his mood indicates falling weather, but it is to be hoped for the sake of his dignity that this will prove nothing less stern than snow. Wednesday morning Miss Ely and Miss Burgess left us for a visit to the parents of Miss Burgess, in National City,Gal. If it were not that they need rest and change after their faithful labors on our behalf, we should be distressed to have them go. As it is, we wish them every pleasure, and added to the amuse- ments the zest of a little homesickness, a tug at their heart strings that shall begin with a silken thread and end with a cable, or car couplings, drawing them back to Carlisle again. Tuesday evening they held a recep- tion at which their friends offered with their farewells trifling solaces for their journey; most of these were of a luscious character, but some were restorative, and others valuable simply from their powers of attraction. {Continued from First Page.) Enigma and done so well, but the secret is this—she has a place for everything and as far as possi- ble keeps things in their places, so that she loses no time in looking for mislaid articles. Begin just now to form neat, careful habits, even in doing the smallest things, and soon you will find it much easier to do them in that way than to hurry through them. DOX’T JERK YOUR HORSE. The formation of the mouth of a horse or a mule seems adapted to the use of a bit, for guiding and restraining the movements of the animal.The absence of teeth just where the bit usually rests favors this controlling. . There is a great difference in the texture of the month or side lips of these animals. Some are called tender-mouthed; others, hard- mouthed. But sudden jerks and snatches hurt, annoy and irritate the animal, and should be strictly avoided at all times. There is an art in driving, and it is of great importance to the comfort of the animal that the driver understands his business in using the reins. Even a tender-mouthed horse will bear to have a plain bit kept pretty firmly against the mouth or side-lips, if only kept there very steadily; then, with a very little, gentle draw, or variation in the tension of either line, the horse may easily be guided to the right or left, or brought to a stop. It is most unfortunate for the horse that comparatively few persons who assume the control of a team understand the art of driv- ing well. Livery stable horses generally fare badly, being hired out and driven by differ- ent persons, and subjected to very different styles of handling the reins. As coaching around is becoming so com- mon, it would be well for persons contem- plating it to take a few lessons from a good experienced driver [not the jockiesl in the art of properly using the reins, and not the whip: both are easily learned, and might be a great ' advantage to both the horse and its owner. Livery stable keepers and others would do well to observe some pertinent remarks that have appeared in The Bird Call in relation to the constant labor and imposition on the hired horses; and their abuse, in the use of the cruel check-rein—one of the greatest, if not the very greatest annoyance, cruelty and injury to the horse.—[The Bird Call. A Penna. Farmer. "There is always room for a man of force and he makes room for many.” I am made of 10 letters. My 5, 10, 4, 3, is not to succeed. My 1, 2, 7, is a comfortable means of con- veyance. My 3, 6, 10, 8, is something we should not do too often. My 5, 9, 8, is a part of a fish. My 7, 2, 9, 3, is a part of the fence. My 5, 7, 6, 3, 4, 1, is what the children do these bright days. My 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, is a place toward which the Man-on-the-band-stand looks very often. ConniMframs. Why does a miller wear a white hat? What is the hardest key to turn? Sit Ereet. Why is it that our young men do not sit erect in the school rooms without being con- stantly told to do so? Is it weakness of the spine, or weakness of the mind that makes them crook themselves into interrogation points until.people wonder what the question is? Scene the other morning at the little boys’ quarters. Young Apache in Indo-English—Two but- tons—not any—me. (English—I have lost two buttons. > Result—Two buttons, a needle aild thread change hands speedily, from Miss Patterson’s to his. QTANDING OFFER.—For Fite new subscribers to Hie INDIAN vj HELPER, we will give the person sending them a photographic group of the 13 Carlisle Indian Printer boys, on a card 4%x6j^ inches, worth *20 cents when sold by itself. Name and tribe of each boy given. (Persons wishing the above preminm will please enclose a 1-cent stamp to pay postage-) For TEN, Two Photographs, one showing a group of Pueblos a* they arrived in wild dress, and another of the same pupils three years after, or, for the same number of names we give two photo- graphs showing still more marked contrast between a Navajoe as he arrived in native <lress, and as he now looks, worth 20 cents apiece Persons wishing the above preminms will please enclose 2-cent stamp to pay postage.) For FIFTEEN, we offer a GR')UP or the whoi,it school on 9x14 inch card. Faces show distinctly, worth sixty cents. Persons wishing the above preminm will please send 5 cents to pay postage. # For a longer list of subscribers we have many other interesting pictures of shops, represent- ing boys at work, school-rooms and views of the grounds, worth from 20 to 60 cents a piece, which will be sent on request. AT the Carlisle Indian School, is published monthly an eight-page quarto of standard size, called Tlie Red Man, the mechanical part of which is done entirely by Indian l>oys. This paper is valuable as a summary of information on Indian matters, and contains writings by Indian pupils, and local incidents of the school. Terms: Fifty cents a year, in advance. Kit in pie copies sent free. Address, THE RKD MAN, Oakmslf. Pa. Fori, 2. and M. subscribers for Tlie Red )Inn we give the- gann iTPminni'1 nffpred in Standing t Mb*i tor the K Transcribed by Barbara Landis from a newspaper digitized from the collections of the US Military History Institute, Carlisle Barracks, Carlisle, PA. THE INDIAN HELPER ~~ FOR OUR BOYS AND GIRLS ~~ VOLUME III CARLISLE, PA. FRIDAY, JANUARY 27, 1888 NO. 24 [Pg. 1] DARE. Dare to be brave in the cause of the right, Dare with the enemy ever to fight. Dare to be loving and patient each day, Dare speak the truth whatever you say. Dare to be gentle, and orderly, too, Dare shun the evil whatever you do Dare to speak kindly, and e‘er be true, Dare to do right and you’ll find your way through. Dare to he honest, good, and sincere, Dare to please God, and then never fear. -[Selected. ENGINES AND BOYS Last Saturday there was a grand procession from the Junction to the School. The new engine marked, "Uncle Sam, Indian School Carlisle, Pa.," had come, and it took forty boys that day to draw it to its new quarters. This seems a good many, even for a first class hand engine. But when one comes to think of it, they must be very remarkable boys to have it take only forty of them to run ‘Uncle Sam.’ The business has never been done so cheaply before. It is a very pretty engine resplendent with red and gilt, but the important thing about it is that it will do good work. It is soon to be taken out to be tried. It was made in Brockton, a town in Massachusetts where they turn a great deal of iron into gold. How do they do this? By manufacturing machinery, selling it and making money on it. Talking of engines brings to mind steam engines, locomotives and all the other kinds and this instead of making us say "engines and boys, brings us to a boy and engines. Because we owe almost all the wonderful work that steam engines do to a boy who lived nearly one hundred and fifty years ago he did not do all his work when he was a boy but he began it, for it was then that he found out how very strong steam was, and he resolved to make steam his servant. What did he have to find this out with? Only what everybody else had, a tea-kettle. But he was always asking himself the "whys" of things, why the steam lifted up the top of the kettle, and why it could not be made to lift up something else, too. The Man-on-the-band-stand can foretell one thing. It is the boys and the girls who are always thinking and studying, and trying to answer their own questions who are going to do the most for themselves and others. Is it going to be engines and boys, or boys and engines here? BE NEAT. You can tell a great deal about the character of boys and girls by looking into the rooms they occupy, or even into their desks. If the books are jumbled together and pushed in, with the slate on top, and crumpled papers in the corner you may be pretty sure that their work is of the same careless, slovenly character. Be neat. Don’t throw bits of paper on the floor. Don’t be careless with your rooms or your desks, and don’t do anything in a slipshod way. It pays to be honest and true! It pays to be police, and it pays to be neat, and orderly. I heard once of a lady who wished to take a little girl and educate her. There were three or four that seemed worthy, and she could not decide which one to choose. At last she invited them to spend a week with her. The first would come down to breakfast with her dress and hair in disorder the second left her books and work lying just where she had used them; the third did not see the dust on the thing in her room, while the fourth not only kept herself and her room neat, but also helped to put away what the others left lying around. Can you guess which one the lady chose? I think I heard you say "The last one!" Yes, and she never regretted doing so, for the little girl grew up to be not only a self- helper but a helper of other people. People wonder how she manages to get so much work done. (Continued on Fourth Page.) [Pg. 2] The Indian Helper. PRINTED EVERY FRIDAY, AT THE INDIAN INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, CARLISLE, PA. BY THE INDIAN PRINTER BOYS. Price: - 10 cents a year. (Five cents extra for every change of address after once in the galley.) Address INDIAN HELPER, Carlisle, Pa. Entered in the P.O. at Carlisle as second class mail matter. THE INDIAN HELPER is PRINTED by Indian boys, but EDITED by The-Man-on-the-band-stand, who is nOt an Indian. The INDIAN HELPER is paid for in advance, so do not hesitate to take the paper from the Post Office, for fear a bill will be presented. The four pupils who visited in Washington for four days last week saw a good deal of the city in their few days’ visit, and enjoyed themselves very much. They went to the Capitol, even to its dome, to the Army and Navy Departments, to the Senate, which however was not in session, to the House Of Representatives, and to Mrs. Cleveland’s reception. Here, as one of the crowd, they had the pleasure of shaking hands with that lady. It was a great satisfaction, no doubt, but, like so many other people, they would have liked the sweetness a little longer drawn out, for they were obliged to pass by so quickly that, really, they had no chance to see how Mrs. Cleveland looked. So, after passing out from the Blue Room they doubled on their steps, a practice not altogether peculiar to Indians, and by looking through a window from another room managed to get a good view of the fair hostess. But below all the pleasant impressions, and deepened by all that they saw and heard, is the conviction that what they can do for themselves by the aid of their teachers is the opportunity for them. The Indians may have to wait for Congress to act for them, but they need not wait to learn what will make them ready to meet all the good things that come, this waits for them. So, a little more of Carlisle, please, before they are ready to get all the good of Washington. And the best way to find this out was to go to Washington. Mr. Mason Pratt who since his graduation has been employed at Lehigh at the Phoenixville Pa. Bridge Co., has accepted a higher position in the Johnstown Steel Works, in this state. He is at home for a few days’ rest and visit before entering upon the duties of his new position. We send you a short account of the proceedings at the last meeting of the P. I. Society. After roll call, the minutes were read and accepted. The president called for new names for membership. There were none suggested. The chairman of the committee on arrangements read her report. Unfinished business: A letter from Mrs. Campbell, in reply to one written to her by the society, was read. New business: One of the members proposed that we write letters of encouragement to the girls at Haskell Institute, who are trying to start a society. The motion was put before the house and stood accepted. Accordingly, the following committee was appointed to write the letters: Julia Bent, Clara Faber, and Lucinda Clinton. Then came the general program which consisted of songs, recitations, compositions and reading. The critic made her remarks. A committee on arrangements was appointed, and the meeting adjourned. The Indian Union Debating Society held its meeting in the chapel Tuesday evening, and gave us the pros and cons of the question of running railroads through the Indian reservations. The pros had it, as the judges, and the audience decided. But the cons made the best of their side and showed themselves possessed of the imagination necessary to put themselves in the place of the old Indians on the reservations who are afraid of nothing so much as locomotives, except ideas. The arguments were made with spirit, and the meeting was interesting. Mr. Jas. Barr of Paisley, Scotland, has been visiting his cousins, the Misses Wilson, for a few days. He intends to sail from New York for home on Saturday. He had never seen any Indians before, and seemed greatly interested in our work. He thinks if Buffalo Bill would convert the Wild West show into such a school as Carlisle, a very different impression would be made upon the people on the other side of the "big water" as to what the United States Government is doing for the Indians. John and Cyrus Dixon keep us in mind. Together with the renewal of their subscriptions to the HELPER comes a club of sixteen subscribers from the Albuquerque school. It would seem as though Henry Kendall knew of the Dixon enterprise, for, not to be out-done, he sends us a club from Rutgers College about the same time. [Pg. 3] The carpenters are remodeling the shops. We hear that Rosa Dion is at the Genoa School, Neb. The herdic has been sent to the blacksmith’s shop for repairs. The painters have put up the signs over the different shops. This will be a great convenience to visitors. The new cart was painted by Burdett, one of the Florida Apache boys, It is a very creditable piece of work. The little boys’ bagatelle board has been made new again. It has done good service, and has long been a source of amusement. Jack Mather who left us three years ago for St. Augustine, Florida, where he has been working for himself, returned last week, sick. Mice, mice in the Little Boys’ Quarters, two-legged, white-coated mice scampering through the halls. Too bad! Drive them out of the new quarters. A sample wardrobe for the boys has been made and approved. Three wardrobes in one so that each of the three boys in the room may have his own wardrobe. Where are the diplomas that the harness-makers have from time to time received from State and County fairs? They should be hung upon the walls of the new shop. Sweep under the beds and in the corners, boys. The Old Man has been peeping around and did not find things as nice in the new quarters as he would like. Too much play! The Assembly and Reading Rooms in the quarters have been lettered, so that hereafter visitors may know where to find them. This work was done by Christopher Tyndall, Omaha. When a young man sees a lady drive up to a hitching post, alight, and begin to fasten her horse, why doesn’t he go forward and fasten the horse for her? A young gentleman does it. A number of boys have been busy all the week cutting wood. They have had to work fast to keep warm. As it is a good thing to work fast when one works at all, this shows us one of the benefits of winter weather. Miss Irvine has come back to us much better, although it will be a little while yet before all her strength returns to her. Thursday the teachers of Nos. 7, 8, 9, received an invitation from Dr. McCauley for themselves and their pupils, to attend a meeting of prayer for schools and colleges, to be held in Bosler Hall, Carlisle. But on account of the storm only those who could ride went. Later from the shops. The diplomas on the walls of the new harness shop add greatly to the appearance and give credit to whom credit is due. (The Old Man asks in a whisper if it was possible that his remarks were overheard.) The large boys have now a table in each room. With those in the Reading and Assembly Rooms, there are ninety-five in all. Seventy-four of these tables were made by Joel Tyndall, Frank Jannies, William Bull, and William S. Bear in seventeen half days. For a few days, a very few days, probably, the morning classes in No. 9 are to be heard by the older pupils, each leader to hear the recitation of his own class. In the afternoon Miss Fisher, the principal, takes the recitation. This is because Miss Bender is on duty at the printing office until the arrival of Miss Cook who was formerly at Carlisle. The-Man-on-the-Rand-Stand must be pardoned if he does not exhibit his usual sunniness of disposition and keenness of spirit. He is depressed by the departure of his chief clerk and does not expect to be himself again until the return of that most valued and important functionary. Indeed, the barometer of his mood indicates falling weather, but it is to be hoped for the sake of his dignity that this will prove nothing less stern than snow. Wednesday morning Miss Ely and Miss Burgess left us for a visit to the parents of Miss Burgess, in National City, Col. If it were not that they need rest and change after their faithful labors on our behalf, we should be distressed to have them go. As it is, we wish them every pleasure, and added to the amusements the zest of a little homesickness, a tug at their heart strings that shall begin with a silken thread and end with a Cable, or car couplings, drawing them back to Carlisle agam. Tuesday evening they held a reception at which their friends offered with their farewells trifling solaces for their journey; most of these were of a luscious character, but some were restorative, and others valuable simply from their powers of attraction. [Pg. 4] (Continued front First Page.) and done so well, but the secret is this - she has a place for everything and as far as possible keeps things in their places, so that she loses no time in looking for mislaid articles. Begin JUST NOW to form neat, careful habits, even in doing the smallest things, and soon you will find it much easier to do them in that way than to hurry through them. DON’T JERK YOUR HORSE. The formation of the mouth of a horse or a mule seems adapted to the use of a bit, for guiding and restraining the movements of the animal. The absence of teeth just where the bit usually rests favors this controlling. There is a great difference in the texture of the mouth or side lips of these animals. Some are called tender-mouthed, others, hard-mouthed. But sudden jerks and snatches hurt, annoy and irritate the animal, and should be strictly avoided at all times. There is an art in driving, and it is of great importance to the comfort of the animal that the driver understands his business in using the reins. Even a tender-mouthed horse will bear to have a plain bit kept pretty firmly against the mouth or side-lips, if only kept there very steadily, then, with a very little gentle draw, or variation in the tension of either line, the horse may easily be guided to the right or left, or brought to a stop. It is most unfortunate for the horse that comparatively few persons who assume the control of a team understand the art of driving well. Livery stable horses generally fare badly, being hired out and driven by different persons, and subjected to very different styles of handling the reins. As coaching around is becoming so common, it would be well for persons contemplating it to take a few lessons from a good experienced driver [not the jockies] in the art of properly using the reins, and not the whip, both are easily learned and might be a great advantage to both the horse and its owner. Livery stable keepers and others would do well to observe some pertinent remarks that have appeared in The Bird Call in relation to the constant labor and imposition on the hired horses; and their abuse, in the use of the cruel check-rein-one of the greatest, if not the very greatest annoyance, cruelty and injury to the horse. - The Bird Call. [A PENNA. FARMER. "There is always room for a man of force and he makes room for many." Enigma. I am made of 10 letters. My 5, 10, 4, 3, is not to succeed. My 1, 2, 7, is a comfortable means of conveyance. My 3, 6, 10, 8, is something we should not do too aften. My 5, 9, 8, is a part of a fish. My 7, 2, 9, 3, is a part of the fence. My 5, 7, 6, 3, 4, 1, is what the children do these bright days. My 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 is a place toward which the Man-on-the-band-stand looks very often. Conundrums. Why does a miller wear a white hat? What is the hardest key to turn? Sit Erect. Why is it that our young men do not sit erect in the school rooms without being constantly told to do so? Is it weakness of the spine, or weakness of the mind that makes them crook themselves into interrogation points until people wonder what the question is? Scene the other morning at the little boys’ quarters. Young Apache in Indo-English Two buttons not any me. (English - I have lost two buttons.) Result - Two buttons, a needle and thread change hands speedily, from Miss Patterson’s to his. STANDING OFFER: - For FIVE new subscribers to the INDIAN HELPER, we will give the person sending them a photographic group of the 13 Carlisle Indian Printer boys, on a card 4 1/2 X 6 1/2 inches, worth 20 cents when sold by itself. Name and tribe of each boy given. (Persons wishing the above premium will please enclose a 1-cent stamp to pay postage.) For TEN, Two PHOTOGRAPHS, one showing a group of Pueblos as they arrived in wild dress, and another of the same pupils three years after, or, for the same number of names we give two photographs showing still more marked contrast between a Navajoe as he arrived in native dress, and as he now looks, worth 20 cents a piece. Persons wishing the above premiums will please enclose a 2-cent stamp to pay postage. For FIFTEEN, we offer a GROUP of the whole school on 9x14 inch card. Faces show distinctly, worth sixty cents. Persons wishing the above premium will please send 6 cents to pay postage. For a longer list of subscribers we have many other interesting pictures of shops, representing boys at work, schoolrooms and views of the grounds, worth from 20 to 60 cents a piece, which will be sent on request.