688 Adventure CHAPTER XXXVII ALL IN GOOD TIME AS EVERY moment took Maldio farther away from England, the old ties of home seemed calling more forcibly, and binding about his heart the cords of duty. Though his love for Loti was strong, he knew that, before her happiness or his own, he must consider the welfare of his country. Already those former schemes, by which he had sought to save the nation from the mer- ciless methods of the past, were growing and expanding in his brain. He was truly " Mal- dio the Thinker," as he sat watching the restless movement of the sea, while he wove fresh ideas for the well-being of his people. Now and again he almost fancied his wife stood at his side, murmuring words of ap- proval. She knew all the ambitions of his heart; he could rely on her sympathy and trust to her silence. His deeply meditative manner prevented those who strolled by from disturbing his reverie, though many curious eyes sought that silent figure with puzzled expressions and questioning thoughts. They knew the face instinctively, for at the time of Mal- dio's death, his portrait had appeared in various papers throughout Europe. "The natives of Lambasa are strangely alike," remarked an especially interested observer. "That young man bears a strong resemblance to the late King. He may be related to the royal house, traveling incog- nito. I would not care to go to his country now, for some bad rioting is expected, and it looks as if Queen Horatia may be forced to retire into exile at any moment." "Serve her right!" came the quick an- swer. "If all the scandal about her is true, the sooner she is hounded out, the better for everybody." The boat was nearing the quay, and a sudden search for rugs and bags prevented further conversation. The friends who had discussed Maldio followed just behind him as the passengers walked single file across the gangway. A crowd of newspaper boys accosted the arrivals as they emerged from the great steamer, shouting in piercing accents: "Assassination of Queen Horatia, stabbed to death by a dancer! Tragedy of the King's supper-party! Revolutionary meth- ods adopted! King Gisdel imprisoned! Rumors of King Maldio's return from the tomb! Amazing treachery at Court!" Journals were eagerly purchased, and the situation in Lambasa dicussed on all sides. The two friends watched Maldio as he snatched a copy from the grimy hands of a yelling street arab and bent to scan the words. "Did you see how white that young fel- low turned?" they remarked, exchanging glances. As soon as Maldio could escape from the rush at the custom-house, he hurried to a reserved seat in the express and devoured the contents of a pile of papers. Graphically the scene of Gisdel's supper at the residence of Mademoiselle de L'lsle was described--the throwing of Horatia's body from the window, and the fortunate escape of the King, who would otherwise have shared his mother's death. At the time of going to press, the Revolutionaries, doubtless for purposes of their own, have spread abroad a wild report that Maldio the Thinker is yet alive. The coffin in which he was undoubtedly bur- ied has been tampered with, and is now lying empty in the chancel of the Cathedral. Diarmid Bistoff, the Court Physician, has sworn that he himself res- cued the young monarch alive on the eve of his bur- ial, and has revealed a secret passage from the vault to his residence, the Villa Monastero. The people are mad with joy at the possibility of finding the rumor true, though it will never be fully credited until Maldio himself reappears, to quiet the kingdom and remount his throne. As the King read the words eagerly, he heard a telegraph boy calling his name-- "Kingsley." Hailing him, Maldio opened a message. Even before he learned its import, he caught the signature, "Bistoff." Meeting you at frontier with large military escort. Victorious party warmly desire your return and trust your Majesty will give the royal consent to a new scheme of government. The joy of the inhab- itants at the news of your continued existence is indescribable. Your brother desires to abdicate, but is to be kept prisoner until your wishes are known. Dugdale has testified to the late Queen's treachery, and all her confidential guards and min- isters are under arrest. As the train started with a shrill whistle and sped through the Summer land stretch- ing to the frontier of his kingdom, Maldio's thoughts were plunged in a new channel. The news of Queen Horatia's violent death turned him sick. Full well he knew she de-