64 The Half-Asleep Girl dwelling from which the half-asleep girl had come not two hours before! Simeon Dreer observed the fixity of his companion's gaze, and inferred the truth. "So -this is her home, eh ?" he said softly. "Well--now we have com- plications; for here, also, this evening, a suicide was committed." Fleming gripped the other's arm con- vulsively. "Not--not--the girl?" he whispered. "Calm yourself," replied Dreer. "It was a man--an elderly man--" Fleming sighed his relief, then laughed at the absurdity of his interest in her. "I'm a romantic, susceptible, bred-in- the-bone fool," he told himself as he followed Dreer up -the steps. In the flarrow, low-ceilinged entry-- illuminated by a single gas jet, flaring weirdly--they found a policeman on guard: a Swede, one Hjalmar Yensen, with whom even Knibbs was ac- quainted. "Good evening, Yensen," said the murder squad man. "What's been go- ing on here?" "Ay don' know. Somebody kill him- self, Ay gasS." "You were sent from headquarters merely to see that no one left the house, eh?" "Yeh. Ay ask skal Ay pinch some- body, an' dey say, 'Hal, no; leave dat to Master Dreer.' " "Very good," nodded the weazened little fellow, his green spectacles bob- bing eagerly, for he was always eager when approaching a case that promised difficulties. "Who's upstairs ?" "Yust a cop a doctor." "And the residents--the people of the house ?" "Yeh. Ay forgot dem." Dreer waited for no more, but clat- tered up the uncarpeted stairs with Fleming Metcalf Knibbs at his heels. A light in the front room drew them. They hurried past a bluecoat at the door and stood for a moment on the thresh- old, taking in the scene. The body, covered by a sheet, lay near a small table in a corner of the room. In addition to the table were only two other articles of furniture: one a bedstead on which reposed the gaunt figure of a man of perhaps fifty, the other a chair; and seated on the chair, her eyes partially closed, was Fleming's half-asleep girl! Knibbs drew in his. breath sharply. The girl did not look up. She was ap- parently unaware of their entrance. The physician approached. "I am Doctor Collier," he said. "You are from headquarters, I take it?" Simeon bobbed his green glasses again, peering up at the tall M. D. with his little, near-sighted eyes. "Dreer's my name," he remarked. "There's a suicide here, I understand, doctor. What do you know of it?" "Merely this: that the officer on the beat heard a cry and ran in here to find this man--" he indicated the white- sheathed form on the floor--"with a knife in his heart. I was summoned, pronounced the fellow dead, and now your men are detaining me, in spite of the fact that I have a practice waiting." "One more question. About the man on the bed: what's his affliction?" "Paralysis." "Can't move about?" "Impossible. Only his neck and arms are free." "May I have your card?" "Certainly." The physician extracted one from his vest pocket, extending it under the old fellow's nose. "Thank you. Haggerty, show the doctor out." Dreer swung on'his heel, went to the bed and sat on its edge. "Tell me," he requested of the para- lytic, "what happened here." The invalid passed a hand over his deeply set, black eyes, as though to 