14 The Man in the Black Mask pass within a dozen feet of the opening and, unless he knew the secret, never observe it. Even portholes were cut in the rock, blocked by heavy pieces of stone cut to fit, and removable from the inside, yet so covered as to be indistin- guishable to the passerby. I am confi- dent that, had occasion demanded, the fortress--for a fortress was really what it was--would have withstood any ordi- nary assault except the fire of heavy guns. Another click, and the cavern was a blaze of light from a dozen or more electric bulbs suspended from the ceil- ing. The floor was of clean, white sand, while the walls, as my later observation showed, were of the peculiar sandstone out of which the cave was hewed. A dark-faced man, asleep on an army cot in a distant corner, leaped to his feet, rubbing his eyes. From around a pro- jection in one Of the walls stepped a rough-looking fellow armed with a modern rifle. Recognizing the man in the mask, he stopped short and allowed the weapon to slide slowly through his fingers until the butt rested on the floor, gating at me quizzically. "This the chap who was doing the snooping around, guv'nor?" he in- quired. "One of them," snapped the masked man. "The other is--lying outside in the gully." "Did you kill him?" The leader snarled like an angry dog. "It's none of your business! You ought to know by this time, Snell, that when people interfere with me, they get into trouble. Get me ?" " 'S'all right. 'S'all right, guv'nor. You're boss. Only when you took us on you said there would be no killing in the job." With a shrug of his shoulders, he stepped back a pace and sat down in one of the camp-chairs which were scat- tered about the cav,ern. The masked man replaced his weapon in his pocket and turned to me with an almost feminine gesture towards one of the chairs at the nearby table. "Captain Larson," he said easily, "sit down and let's talk matters over. Will you have a cigar ?" He passed a box of perfectos from a nearby table. I selected one to my lik- ing, the masked man declining, how- ever, as I returned the box to him. "Hang it, Captain!" he exclaimed. "It does me good to see you take mat- ters so nicely. You and I are going to get along famously. It would be a pleasure to work with a man like you-- but of course, as you realize, that is an impossibility. You are worth money to me--all kinds of it. Grimes and his bunch ought to be willing to put up at least ten thousand ransom for you. Meanwhile, will you give me your parole--your liberty inside the cave with certain restrictions -- or won't you?" I shrugged my shoulders. "What's the alternative?" I asked. "Your ankle chained to the wall." "But how do you know that I'll keep my parole ?" Another chuckle from behind the mask. "I know you by reputation. You are a man of your word. Give it to me and I know you'll keep it. Honestly, I hate to think of chaining you up like a wild beast--but you understand it's necessary -- under certain conditions. What's your decision?" "I accept. I'll-give you my word to make no attempt to escape. I reserve the right, however, to change my de- cision at any time by notifying you. May I ask questions?" "As many as you like and about what you like. I won't promise to answer them all, though!" "Who are you ?" An almost silvery laugh came from behind the mask. "Who I am cuts no 