The Georgetown Mystery 45 most diffidently. "I suppose you know that the clerk of the bank also was found dead?" She nodded her head, lips quivering. "I realize it is a painful situation, Mrs. Lewis, and I will Tie brief. Where was Mr. Lewis last night in the car?" "He left--left yesterday afternoon for Winton," she sobbed. ."He told me he had business to look after there, and --and might be gone for the night." At this Dorgan concentrated his steel blue eyes on Mrs. Lewis. She must have felt the intent scrutiny, for she suddenly looked toward him. As she did he perceived that she was a good- looking woman and could not be the age of her husband. There was a mo- mentary alarm in her manner, which, however, fled as quickly aS it had come. She took hold of herself and instead of being frightened and wary soon burst into a fresh fit of weeping. There was such an air of abject misery about her that even Dorgan seemed to be so moved that the glint in his eyes softened. "He did not tell you what his busi- ness was?" Thornton was saying. "No. Mr. Lewis nev--never told me about his business affairs." "Try to be calm, Mrs. Lewis," the prosecutor counseled. "We will not bother you long. Did you hear Mr. Lewis return in the night or this morn- ing?" "No. I slept soundly all night and did not know he was---he was dead un- til I got up this morning." "Tell us about the discovery." "Well, I had arranged for a man to come today to mow the lawn," she went on more concertedly, ; the opportunity to tell what she knew apparently easing her mind. "Duggan--John Duggan. I had just come down to the kitchen; I do not. have steady help and there was no one in the house but me. I was get- ting a bite for breakfast, making toast and putting the coffee on, when Mr. Duggan came running and told me the machine was standing in the drive and Mr. Lewis was leaning over the wheel. He didn't know he was dead, but he thought there was something strange about it. I--I went out with him and --and tried to arouse Mr. Lewis. But --but I could not. Then I came back to the house and Mr. Duggan went for Marshal McAlpin. I--I--oh, it's aw- ful, awful." She gave way to her grief again. The prosecutor waited for her to re- gain control of herself before he pur- sued his questioning. "Have you any idea of what might have become of the money, or caused Mr. Harley's death?" "No." "Was Mr. Lewis afflicted with heart trouble? Did he show any symptoms --grow weak, or faint?" "Yes, yes, he had one or two attacks. * Once in the bank he almost collapsed. Mr. Jacobsen knows about that." "We'll not bother you much longer, Mrs. Lewis. There's just one thing more. Do you object to the body being held for a few days before burial ? Per- haps a post-mortem may throw a little light on the case." "No. I have no objections." "Thank you. I'll do my best to clear this up. Two mysterious deaths here --it is very unusual. Good-day." The party tiptoed from the house. Prosecutor Thornton said he was glad that was over. As they walked away he asked Dor- gan what he thought of the situation. Jim merely replied he didn't know what to think. It was obvious he did not wish to express an opinion so publicly. Back at the bank, Thornton inquired of Mr. Jacobsen concerning Harley's antecedents and was informed by the cashier that he knew little of Harley's history. In fact, almost nothing. Mr. Lewis had engaged him in Cleveland, 