98 Two Bells Three days ago--the one time he had gone ashore--he had seen her clinging to the door-frame of a thatched bamboo dwelling. "Old Babache's kid . . . a leper," he heard someone say. And she had smiled at him. An hour after that, when the long- boat was putting away from the beach, and the tawny maidens of Hiva-oa ran out waist-deep in the green bay to wave farewell, she was there, her gold hair falling like glinting fire about her pale, spfay-dashed face. "Ia ora na i te Atua. ..." With the Marquesan girls she sang that farewell--this White Lotus that he had found dying in the mulch of the South Seas. , . . The sight of her was to him a light that pierced his poisoned, vapor-clung brain. And because he had seen her, this pallid leper-child, he knew that the hour had arrived when the master of the Libertine must pay the penalty for having murdered his soul. Yet what would she think if she knew ? But she woxild never know. Hiva- oa, dreaming its eternal dreams beneath the brooding thunders of Temetiu, had already slipped into the past--and in its dreams she lay, a part of them. He shuddered again. Yes, he would kill Black Michael. He was below in his bunk now--drunk, as usual. With the skipper gone, the first mate, Cardi- gan, would come into command--and then . . . He crept across the wet deck and down the companionway. A door in the rear of the lazarette, which was just off the main cabin, ad- mitted him to a passage amidships, be- neath the deck, leading forward to a space in the fo'castle where he and five others of the crew bunked. In the bulkhead door he paused. A sooty slush-lamp, swung from the blackened beam, cast sluggish light upon six bunks arranged in double tiers along the bulkhead. It was a foul place, reeking of vile sea odors. Two of the bunks were Occupied. The lower tier of one supported the hulk- ing body of a bullet-headed mulatto, clad only in short breeches, while above him lay the boatswain, a Creole from New Orleans. They were both asleep and breathing heavily. Thrusting the weapon under his belt, he retraced his steps along the passage amidships and in the gloom of the main cabin groped toward Black Michael's quarters. A terrible fear laid frigid fingers upon his heart as he reached the door. For a full minute he stood transfixed to the spot, his breath caught in his throat; then he grasped the knob, turned it and the door swung open. Within,, the closed porthole--a pale eye of dread--stared at him. The air was close--tainted with rum . and human flesh. He listened for the sound of breathing, but only the mo- notonous murmur of the bilge water and the creak of straining timbers could be heard. He drew the knife from beneath his belt-- The leper child came to him then . . . a blinding flash of spiritual pal- lor, the shining recoil of his-dead self that sprang through the darkness of his soul and smote him paralyzed for the moment. But Black Michael must die. He reached the bunk; looked down upon the indistinct, sprawling figure. A wave of hysteria swept him, swamping his cottrage. He wanted to run, to throw himself upon his mattress and weep out the sorrows that twisted his heart. But-- . . . A swing of the blade, a Sick- ening sound . . . and it was finished. He never released his grip on the hilt; 