94 The Guerilla Glasses clinked again for a minute or two. "Sounds mighty good," the second speaker muttered. "I'm with you. When do we start up?" The man who called himseilf Andrew Hardy strained his ears. "Not. before one o'clock," the first voice answered. "Here's the way we go in--" His words were drowned out by a gusty rumble of conversation from across the room; almost at once a party of men entered the basement and took chairs noisily at the table to the left of the listener. The self-styled Andrew Hardy wait- ed no longer. He climbed to his feet and in imitation of one very drunk lurched to the door. He threw it open with a maudlin backward glance that mentally photographed the faces of the two con- spirators, closed it and hurried up and out into West Street where a young moon sailed, low, in a day-long heat haze. A pulse of excitement began to beat within him. The hour was not quite midnight and more than sixty minutes still remained before the two men of the basement would put their plans into effect. He fumbled in his pockets until he found a five-cent piece, turned east to the first avenue beyond and arrived in time to leap to the running board of a north bound surface car. III At the corner of Forty-ninth street the man alighted and turned toward the river. The street he passed through was squalid with drab tenements marching cheek to cheek in dingy array. The gut- ters were filled with refuse awaiting the prowling garbage remover; the iron fire escape landings were heaped with disordered bedding upon which heat- wilted children tossed. The street was tawdry and pallid with no single redeeming feature. Yet the man who passed along it darted eager glances to the right and left. His atti- tude was almost that of one returning to a beloved spot after a long absence. On the corner of Eleventh Avenue he slowed his pace, halted altogether, and took stock of his surroundings. The junction of street and avenue was de- serted save for a nocturnal stationer closing his shop; no brass buttons glint- ed in the lamplight--the section was wrapped in the heavy stillness of an August midnight. With footsteps that displayed no in- certitude, the man approached a fish store directly opposite from where he stood. It was one of three shops in a red brick tenement; a narrow, lightless entrance and hallway separated the fish market from the other two shops. The man walked past the building, brows drawn together, turned and after a quick glance about entered the tenement's hall- way. Some knowledge of the construction of stores seemed to be at his command. To the left of the building's narrow, wooden stairway was a single door--a door that opened into the back room or rooms of the fish market. The man tested its china knob, found it did not respond to his touch and lighted a match, cupping it in the palm of his hands. He held the light aloft, per- ceived the glass transom over the door, smiled faintly and plunged his light out. In the murk he fumbled for his fold- ed envelope. He dropped some more of its powder on his hand and inhaled it. He listened for a minute before mounting a few steps of the stairway. When he was opposite the transom he leaned over the rail of the stairway and pushed it in with the palms of both 