Told in Glass By G. S. Montanye THE neighbors on Christopher Square called him Old Man Johnson. He had a little base- ment shop where he dealt in sec- ond hand automobile parts. He lived in the rear of the store and the Square knew him as an inventor. It did not know what he invented, but it was ac- customed to seeing a light in the store at all hours. If one looked down into the black areaway they could see the old man at work among his tools, his ragged gray beard drooping over his bench. One day Christopher Square hummed with news concerning Old Man Johnson. Big Harry Westley, the King of Con Men, discussed the news with Lefty Blumfeld, alias Morrison Tay- lor, over a table in the front room of the West Side Social Club, located at the end of the Square. Westley was large, florid and impressive. Crook- dom respected his genius. It was said that Westley could cut Central Park up into building lots and sell them for cash. He had served two jail terms, but had lost none of his nerve or pom- pous exterior. Lefty Blumfeld, alias Morrison Taylor, was undersized. He was built along the lines of a gorilla. He had a low, bulging forehead and beady black eyes. His bull neck was short and thick. His hands were covered with coarse black hair. They were gnarled and pitted from laboratory work. He made nitro-glycerine for petermen and blasters when he was not out on a job himself. He had done a stretch of six years in the State penitentiary and was as rapacious and merciless as a coiled cobra. "Did you hear the news about Old Man Johnson?" Westley inquired, lighting a fat cigar with a flourish. Blumfeld tossed off three fingers of underground rye whiskey. He dried his lips on the back of his hand. "No. What about him?" The big con man tilted back his chair and chuckled. "Everyone is talking about Old Man Johnson. He sold an invention to some big company up the state. He's been paid ten thousand dollars in ad- vance royalties. Charlie Hill saw the check and so it's not air. The old geezer has cleaned up. Ten grands-- I guess that's rotten." Blumfeld ran his finger around the inside rim of his whiskey glass. "What's the invention?" he asked after a pause. Westley shook his head and shrugged. "Search me. Nobody seems to know. Charlie Hill asked him, but Johnson said it was a secret. It must be some- thing good or he Wouldn't have got such dough." Blumfeld nodded moodily. "Yes, it must be," he said. Westley flicked the ash from the end of his cigar and chuckled again. "Ten thousand dollars," he ob- served reflectively, "is a lot of dough. I'll have to wander up to Moy Ling's after awhile and smoke a couple of pipes of scamish. Poppy makes me dream clever schemes. I was full of hop the time I took that Florida lawyer for his currency kick. Old Man John- 55 