The Georgetown Mystery 47 "Yes, plain. Too plain, Jim, to bear out what you're hinting at. That's my idea. Why, I know her as I know ev- ery one else in the county, perhaps a little better than some, and I know she has been very dutiful. Her nature to be so. It's rather ridiculous, Dorgan, to jump at conclusions like that. Pre- posterous! A church worker, the As- sociated Charities of the village, the personification of kindness. No, Jim, it could not be." "But you do not intend to take it for granted, do you, Bill? You're surely going to investigate her thoroughly. If I may offer a suggestion, I'd keep the coroner's verdict open for a while, and --and put her through a severe exami- nation." Thornton thrummed his desk with a letter opener. His face flushed. "Look here, Jim," he said, shaking the instrument at Dorgan with the man- ner he might use in addressing a jury. "I've a little sense of human nature as well as you. You have worked among people where that sort of thing exists. It does not exist in this county. It does not, I tell you!" "Well, that's the chivalrous way of looking at it." "I've got some sense of human na- ture, as I said," Thornton continued, his eyes narrowing, "and I insist that I know an honest and decent woman when I see one. I did not indicate it today, but I have known Helen Lewis for a great many years. We once went to school together down in the country before I met you. That girl was whole- some, a romping, open-souled sort of person; that woman is wholesome, and decent, today." "But, Bill, it is the wholesome wo- man that often turns out to be the most unwholesome. She's forced to it. The lack of attention drives her to seek at- tention. Haven't I seen it proven scores of times? I wasn't born yesterday." There was a recalcitrant note in his voice. "Yes, that's the fine professional way of looking at it. But it's the brutal, cold way, too. Why, Dorgan, I'd as soon cut off that little finger as to con- sider such a thing seriously. What do we know to indicate such an amour as you insinuate, getting down to brass tacks ? What evidence have we got that such an affair ever existed? None, absolutely none. They were never seen together, and Harley very, very seldom was at the Lewis home. Jacobsen told me privately he knew that neither had been farther away from Georgetown than Rockland within the year. Why, man, there's not a scintilla of fact to back you up!" Dorgan laughed softly. "Very well, my dear sir," Thornton flung at him. "But perhaps you can ex- plain the disappearance of the money on your hypothesis? Possibly the five thousand had an affinity." "Oh, I won't quarrel about it, Bill. Of course I cannot explain at this stage how the money disappeared. But somebody who had a key to the bank and knew the safe combination must have got it. That's almost a foregone conclusion." "Yes. But where did it go? Three persons had keys to the bank--Harley, Jacobsen and Lewis. I think you will agree with me that Jacobsen may al- most be eliminated from suspicion. However, I intend to have accountants go over the books and affairs of the bank generally. Just before you came in tonight I had the bank at Winton on the phyie to see if I could find any clew to Lewis' taking the money there. But there was none. It was some real estate business that took him to Win- ton, I learned, and there was no money passed. That brings us down to Har- ley. If he stole the money, what did he do with it? It was not at the house 