The Georgetown Mystery 49 take, like you mentioned in your let- ter?" Thornton questioned. "Well, now, I don't like to say, for mebbe I will want to do somethin' yit," Morris countered. "But I never had a mind to kill him." "Where were you night before last ?" "Up t' th' store." "Can you prove it?" "Yes, sir; 'deed I can." And he did. Thornton and Dorgan learned from the proprietor that the old man had been there until nearly ten o'clock. Others corroborated this, and one man said he had ridden- home with old George, helped him put up his horse and had walked on to his awn home. "Bum hunch," Dorgan told Thorn- ton. "He had nothing to do with it." "We'll see, Jim." But on looking over the two bony animals Morris had in his tumbledown barn, the prosecutor decided that neith- er was capable of making thirty miles in a night. Besides, it seemed ridicu- lous, as Dorgan told him, to assume that old George, doddering as he was, had enough ingenuity to encompass such a robbery. An unavailing search of the house and the barn for the money convinced Thornton that George Morris was guiltless. The third day an inquest was held and the verdict left open. The fourth day Mr. Lewis and Harley were buried after an analysis of the vital organs of both had been made and developed nothing. Both were placed in the same plot in the Georgetown cemetery. Police of Cleveland and other cities were unable to find anything to assist Thornton. A search among banking people at Cleveland failed to throw any light on Harley's past. Several times Dorgan sought to convince Thornton that Mrs. Lewis should be grilled, but each time he met with rebuff. Thorn- ton said he would take her word that she knew nothing about how the two men came to their deaths. Finally, after ten days of useless rummaging, the prosecutor instructed the coroner to return a verdict of death from a broken neck, cause unknown, in the case of Harley, and from heart dis- ease in the case of the banker. He had been unable to develop a lead worthy of consideration. The money was gone; if Harley and Lewis had died from un- lawful causes, those causes probably would never be known. Jim Dorgan returned to Chicago. But he did not forget the Georgetown mystery. He rarely ever forgot any- thing, and never wilfully cast a crim- inal subject from his mind. He almost took it as a personal affront that Thorn- ton had disregarded his opinion. Re- lations had become a little strained be- tween the prosecutor and himself to- ward the iend of his visit, and it rankled in him that such a mystery should go unsolved and that Thornton should adopt what to him seemed a foolish atti- tude. It hurt his professional pride. IV. Chicago was in the throes of a crime wave. Murders, robberies and petty thieving were rampant. The order went out one night for a roundup. Ev- ery person of known criminal proclivi- ties was to be brought in to make an accounting. The fine-meshed seine caught, among others, "Limping Lizzie," who had a string of aliases as long as a thorough- bred's pedigree. Lizzie, known of old as a clever dip, was dragged from a cozily furnished apartment in the Twenties on the south side. The de- tectives who brought her in judged she must have been getting in some ex- tremely profitable work recently, and they told Chief Burke so. "Why, chief, that woman's got swell B. M.--Nov.--4 