The Man in the Black Mask 17 working through a proxy---each select- ed because of his particular fitness for the job. Pedro, for instance, had studied gun- nery for years. Johnson was a ma- chine gunner. Travis and Snell were both experts with the rifle. McGinnis was Pedro's assistant and a gunner of extraordinary ability himself, while Jenkins, the negro chef, was known, so he informed me, from one end of the country to the other as the best cook in the American Expeditionary Forces. All were men from the lower walks of life--crooks, probably, thugs, gun- men--yet, strange as it may seem, proud of their records as soldiers. They had made good in the army, then, discipline relaxed, they had again fallen into their evil ways. The pay was good, the food was excellent and, to a certain extent, they were satisfied---especially with the prospect of a fight in sight--but still they grumbled. They had arrived only a few weeks before, coming to Elkhorn in the guise of laborers. They had been met at the station by an unknown man, disguised, they believed, who had directed them where to go to find the entrance to the cave. Here they met "The Man in the Black Mask" and received their in- structions which consisted Simply in obeying orders and remaining inside of the cave day and night. To date they had absolutely nothing to do except eat and sleep and take turns on guard, with the exception of firing the one shell which had wrecked the tower. Already, however, the work was proving irksome and, like all active men cooped up for a considerable period of time, they growled considerably, a fact which I believed, when the time was ripe, I could turn to good account, for I was far from being ready to tamely abide by the mysterious leader's man- date that I must either buy my liberty or calmly submit to being butchered as a warning to others. There was nothing in my parole which prohibited my stir- ring up an agitation; I decided to take - the bull by the horns and create an in- ternal - strife as soon as opportunity offered itself. By starting a mutiny I might escape with a whole skin. Shortly after supper, Travis, who was better educated than the rest, and who appeared to be the natural leader during the absence of the masked chieftain, took me on a tour of inspec- tion of their retreat. The cave proper was a huge affair, hewn out of the solid sandstone, pos- sibly five hundred feet in length by half as wide. The main cavern was bril- liantly lighted. Opening off from it were innumerable tunnels and pockets where the light was a dim twilight, shading off into blackest darkness-- shadowy, dismal--an altogether fitting refuge for a modern buccaneer. One of the latter was illuminated and used as a barracks, another as a kitchen, and a third, larger than the others, as a storehouse. Judging from the numer- ous boxes piled in the interior, the masked leader evidently expected his occupancy to be a long one. Where their, mysterious chieftain kept himself none of them knew. It was their belief, however, that he had more men stationed in some of the other tunnels and that he was planning a gigantic coup of some kind--possibly a revolution--sooner or later, and, for this reason, prohibited their entering the other outlets to avoid having the vari- ous parties meet and compare notes. He appeared only at intervals, coming without warning and often disappear- ing for a day or two at a time. They were paid, however, not to ask ques- tions and asked none, although they were perfectly willing to answer any- thing that I might ask and were willing to speculate as much as myself as to the identity of their mysterious leader. B. M.--Nov.--2 