Two Bells By Harry G. Hervey, Jr. AT two bells The Boy determined to commit murder. It was no swift decision. On the night the Libertine lifted anchor at Melbourne--and Black Mi- chael flogged him with a rawhide lash-- the desire to slay had been impregnated in him, a terrible sore whose putrify- ing poison daily seeped into his blood and brain. Quite suddenly, standing there in the shadow of the long-boat, he perceived the death of his soul. Black Michael was responsible. He had inoculated him with a dreadful serum of evil that wiped out the germs of his strength; had proceeded, while he was in this weakened condition, to loot his being of all finer instincts. For that Black Mi- chael must die. The avenger. That was his role. To- night he would become the champion of his slain self and write in crimson the final chapter of a bitter story. As he stood there on the deck, sway- ing with the drunken pitch of the two- masted, square-rigged vessel, it all came back to him--came back for the millionth time, with a burning sharp- ness that made him visualize, as though etched with steel upon his brain, the lamp-lit Australian water-front, the slinking shadows along the quay; made him feel, as if experiencing again, the sickening emotions following the blow and the return to consciousness in the hold of the trading brig bound for eleven degrees south of the equator. "I'll break you yet, boy--I'll grind you under my feet--" That was Black Michael's threat when he sought to resist the big-fisted, rum-loving skipper. Then followed the first flogging, stripped and lashed to the beam. . . . The recollection of it was gall in his mouth. After that life for him consisted chiefly of two things: the lash and rum --the whip to break his body, the liquor to break his brain. These were linked by labors so offensive, so repellent that he welcomed the hours of drunken sleep when for a brief while his senses were drowned in oblivion. - In all this darkness there were two candles: the friendly attitude of the first mate and the queer companionship of the brig's mascot, Kerachi, a Rajpu- tana parrakeet. Before the vessel reached the white coral walls of Papeite, Black Michael demonstrated that he could keep a threat; The Boy was broken; the slen- der thread between strength and weak- ness snapped ... like the string of a fine instrument struck by brutal hands; and when the Libertine cast moorings in the blue lagoon of the Tahitian capi- tal he was still aboard, with a bruised body and a bruised mind, knowing in his tortured heart that some day, when the courage was given him, he would kill the master of the brig. From Tahiti the ship passed through the coral traps of Les Isles Dangereux, sailed around the low archipelago into the phosphorescent waters of the Mar- quesas . . .to Hiva-oa; and there, in Atuona Valley, he received the gift of courage--from The White Lotus. B. M.--Nov.--7 97 