96 The Guerilla of his body forward in such fashion as to put himself next to the door and forced the woman away from it. Where's the key to the other door?" He released the pressure of his hand on the throat sufficiently to permit a weak voice trembling with terror to croak a panted answer: "Under--the--mattress--" Savage elation brought the teeth of the man together with a grinding click. He began to force the woman across the room, laughing at the puny, feeble blows she struck wildly at him. He dug his fingers deeper into the thin throat, an old lust to kill swimming in his blood. He strove to see how far he might choke her before insensibility came, laughing louder at the faint moans and series of agonized gasps that came just before the mad, futile blows ceased and she stag- gered in his clutch. Then wearying of the sport and mind- ful that time was flying, he used his blackjack twice, flung his victim across the bed and delved under the mat- tress . .. IV The following morning, Abraham Wolger, at the desk in his West Street hotel, looked up from the third morn- ing edition of his favorite paper and addressed a burly youth who was sweep- ing out the uncarpeted lobby with a worn broom. "Look it, Jake," he said, stabbing the newspaper with his stubby finger. "Last night was a murder in a fish store up on Eleventh Avenue. Two thousand dollars was stole and the old woman what owned it got murdered. Ain't it funny?' It says right here she was Mrs. Cragen, the mother of that Guerilla what croaked that guy in a bank four years ago this month--the same guy I was telling you looked just like a man who registered here last night and never showed up again." The youth with the broom fingered a twisted ear. "Was there any pinches made?" he asked succinctly The proprietor of the hotel looked back at his paper. "Yes--the cops grabbed the two guys as they were coming out--a coupla friends of Tip Regan they were. They didn't find the two grands on them, the paper says, but what difference does it make? The chair for both of them sure! Honest, Jake, guys like that who would croak a widow woman ought to get burned in the chair ... " 