The Man in the Black Mask 25 Grimes had accidentally discovered the entrance to the tunnel shortly after leav- ing me on the afternoon of my capture. Entering it, he found, a short distance from its mouth, the cache where Burke kept his various disguises. Just as he was about to leave to announce his dis- covery, he heard footsteps and, hiding behind a fallen rock, saw Joan enter, and, donning one of the outfits, strike boldly towards the cavern. Too astonished for utterance, Grimes hastened away, laboring under the be- lief that Joan was, herself, "The Man in the Black Mask." She had always been a romantic young woman and the old man feared that she had, at last, given way to her inclination. Later, watching his opportunity, he had made several visits to the cavern. As for Joan's part in the affair---it was purely accidental. Like all wo- men, she imagined that she possessed detective ability and, because of Grimes' odd actions, due to worry, she had formed the conclusion that he was in financial straits and was, himself, the mysterious blackmailer. As a child, she had played in the old tunnel. She remembered it now and shrewdly deduced it as the entrance to the hiding-place of "The Man in the Black Mask," following Backus' dis- covery of the shell fragment and my remark about the shot being fired down the creek. She had attempted to dis- suade me from entering into the case because of her fear that I would un- mask her uncle. This led her, also, to imitate the notes which had by means of the bribed cook been sent to Grimes, and to write and pin the counterfeit on my door. There is nothing more to write. She and Grimes, working at cross purposes, suspecting each other, created the mixup which puzzled me so greatly in the cave. Oddly enough, they never chanced to meet nor to encounter Burke because of the numerous tunnels through which they entered, after leaving the main one. CHAPTER XVI My work was finished. My fee had been paid. I was ready to go back, and yet I lingered at the invitation of John Grimes. For something stronger than the desire for a vacation held me in Elkhorn. Yet, after a week had passed, I felt that I was no closer to my heart's de- sire than I had been the first day I met her. I felt, too, that I owed it to my- self and my work to get back. I announced my decision to Joan one evening as we stood under the moon close to the vine-covered arbor. She looked up at me, her great eyes wist-' fully pathetic, her soft hand resting on my arm, and whispered, as she had whispered on that eventful day when first we met: "Don't go--please!" T smiled as I demanded her reason for asking me to remain. It was the same--a woman's reason, always--the one little word: "Because." I felt the indefinable warmth and fragrance from her. I saw the faint blush that swept over her face. Then my arms were around her--and the reader must guess the rest. My wife swears that she forced me to propose. I am president and general manager1 of the Elkhorn Chemical Company now. President Grimes resigned six months ago. His work, he says, kept him from giving proper care and at-, tention to a certain red-headed young- ster whom we have named Jimmy Burke Larson. For we owe our happiness to the man who brought us together--"The Man in the Black Mask." 