Two Bells 99 held it as though it were a member of his own body; withdrew it and fell against the door. For some time he lay with his shoul- ders pressed to the panels, at bay, fac- ing the specter of himself; but when at length the fear-paralysis released him, he burst out of the door, closed it, raced through the main cabin and up the com- panionway. The air on deck seemed to lift from his brain the mantle of a loathsome vapor. Here in the tropic moisture of the night, where the wind swelled amongst the waving spars, his reason returned, swept over him like a cold and shuddersome flood. He glanced fore and aft. The decks were deserted but- for a lone figure on the poop deck. The watch--he could recognize him--a form planted as a piece of statuary upon the wheel-grat- ing. He slunk past the forward hatch and climbed the ladder to the fore-poop. A stinging spray, flung over the bowsprit by a long gust of wind, struck his face sharply. It seemed to awaken him to the fact that he still gripped the knife, and with a shudder of repulsion he let it fall to the deck planks. For an in- stant he stood above it, looking as one fascinated upon the glinting thing; then he touched "it with his bare foot . . . shivered . . . and pushed it across the deck until it disappeared over the bow. . . . A sobbing breath was drawn from his throat. He turned and fled down- deck--as one pursued by the horrors of the nethermost hell. Upon reaching his quarters he found the mulatto and the Creole still asleep; the slush-lamp hung from the blackened beam, swaying with the heave of the brig. A chill started him to trembling and he knelt beside his bunk, removing a flask from beneath the mattress. As he lifted it to his lips a sound behind him made him pause with it in mid-air. "Get below, you dirty lubbers! . . . Bahdsoodai! . . He turned his head sharply. Neither the mulatto nor the Creole had altered his position--but perched upon the beam was a feathery green body. His rigid muscles relaxed as he recognized Kerachi, his friend, the Rajputana par- rakeet. He raised the flask to his mouth. The vile Tahitian rum was like vitriol, sear- ing a path from his throat to the pit of his stomach. It choked him, but when he ceased coughing he took another gulp--another. . . . "Step lively, lads! . . . Adrush- tam! . . . Two bells, mate!" Two bells. Those words startled him. That was just before he-- He shuddered; swallowed quantities of the liquid fire; drained the bottle and fell with his face buried in the reek of the mattress. The flask slipped from his nerveless hand--struck the floor with a distant thud. "O, God--" he moaned. Hot tears burned his cheeks as he lay there sob- bing in the awful abandonment of drunken grief. "All hands aft!'1 shrieked the parra- keet, then began to swear in Hindus- tani and Mandarin. That was the last thing he heard, the grotesque profan- ity of the little bird. Like a barque severed from its mooring-lines, his brain was carried downstream on the current of slumber .... His' labored breathing had hardly joined that of the other occupants of the foul place when the big mulatto sat up cautiously, a stealthy, anticipatory smile spreading over his negroid fea- tures. He rose, the movement bringing into visible play the thick, heavy-corded muscles beneath the bared brown skin; stood an instant looking up at the 