62 The Half-Asleep Girl "If you wish," she conceded. She was obviously tired, physically or mentally or both. Fleming's inter- est was intrigued. And now they found themselves in a more populated section. The street grew crooked. Situated in the tender- loin's heart, it turned and twisted con- vulsively, a veritable aorta of floating human derelicts writhing toward the river and a cheap amusement park on its banks. But the girl avoided the park, turning in an opposite direction. The crowd began to thin out. At the last comer, across from innumerable shadowy wharves, and reveling in an unaccountable river stench, stood a wabbly fruit stand illuminated by a sin- gle flaring gas jet. Dirty, flimsy wooden baskets containing all manner of fruits and vegetables tipped their rims partly toward the curb and partly toward the dark heavens, while here and there a shadowy head of cabbage peeped out upon this dreary vista. On a soap box by the stand, and directly under the un- certain light, sat a mere boy, thin of limb and vicious of feature, hunched intently over a Yiddish newspaper. They passed this last outpost of the underworld, Fleming's curiosity grow- ing apace. On the left stretched acres of slimy marshes, and beyond, only faintly discernible in the growing dark- ness, the river. It was too much for young Knibbs. He stopped in his tracks. "What-- ?" he began, and then his mouth opened in surprise and astonish- ment, and he concluded "--the devil!" For a blunt automatic had been thrust against his ribs, and the girl in the dark skirt and white slippers was talking to him in her soft, sleepy drawl: "Be still, or I shall have to shoot you." Then deliberately she set about "frisking" him. Her slender fingers plucked his scarfpin, his watch and at length found the inner pocket of his coat and his wallet. She was talking again. "Now, then, stand as you are." She began backing away. "I am watching you. If you move an inch--" The rest was left to be inferred. The click of her high heels on the sidewalk grew less and less distinct until it be- came inaudible. Whirling, Fleming Knibbs dashed toward the corner. No one was in sight. The young Jew, as before, was hunched over his paper. "A girl--" panted Knibbs. She came in this direction. Have you seen her?" "I see no vun," replied the boy, sour- ly; then, observing for the first time the well-groomed man before him, his trade instincts arose to the surface and he became suddenly ingratiating, "ex- cept" he emphasized, rubbing his skinny hands in anticipation, "my cus- tomers." Fleming's wallet was gone, but he still had some change. One hand went readily to his pocket, emerging with a bright half-dollar. "Here's the price of a dozen apples, my boy," he said. "Eat them yourself. Now which way did she go?" The youth pocketed his reward, pointing meanwhile to one of the nu- merous small streets opening on the waterfront. Before he could speak Knibbs was off. Doing a hundred yards in eleven flat, he came to a thoroughfare with car tracks. The girl was nowhere in sight. In the distance the vanishing lights of a trolley winked at him derisively. "Gone!" he exclaimed in disgust. Then, brightening: "But wasn't she a peach?" He caught the next car, intending to return home. When seated, he men- tally inventoried his losses. There were several hundred dollars in the wallet. The pin was worth five hundred and 