The Man in the Black Mask 9 as if dismissing the subject and turned aside into her own apartment. CHAPTER IV To change my attire for a garb more suited to walking over the rough ground and to look over the service revolver, which had been packed away in my va- lise, did not occupy five minutes. Yet, as I stepped out into the hallway, I saw pinned against the panel of my door a typewritten note. It read: "Cut out your investigation or you will get into trouble. Too many people are involved in this affair for us to take chances--so keep out of it. A word to the wise is--or should be-- sufficient. "THE MAN IN THE BLACK MASK." Hastily thrusting the missive into my pocket, I hurried down the stairway, looking in every direction for possible spies. No one was in sight. Yet it was clear that someone inside the house had written that warning--and that the writer was in league with the man who was threatening the factory--or was "The Man in the Black Mask" him- self. Only three people besides myself knew of my contemplated plan of ac- tion--Backus, Grimes, and Joan. Backus was eliminated by the fact that he was still at the scene of the explosion. This left but two who were in the secret, Joan and her uncle. Was it possible that one of them was the traitor? The idea startled me. It seemed absurd-- yet one finds some strange things when investigating crime. From the big living room, the door of, which was partly open, came the click of a typewriter. I halted momentarily and looked in. Joan was at work at the ma- chine. She looked up and smiled as she saw me. I imagined, however, that there was a slight flush upon her cheeks and that she did not look me squarely in the eyes. "Just practicing," she responded in reply to my question. "Uncle often lets me write his letters for him here at home." She invited me to enter. But I ex- cused myself, pleading haste, and joined Grimes outside. My head was whirling. For the mo- mentary halt had given me time enough to discover that the ribbon on the ma- chine she was using was a peculiar shade of green. The note of warning I had received had been written with a green ribbon. But that was not all: Lying on the floor beside her--where it had evidently fallen--was half of a sheet of note paper. And the other half, unless my eyes deceived me, was reposing in the pocket of my coat. Was Joan Marne the mysterious "Man in the Black Mask ?" It seemed impossible -- far-fetched--unthinkable. Yet there were half a dozeh clews lead- ing in her direction. And her actions in attempting to dissuade me from going into the matter any farther damned her. I hated to believe the evi- dence. Yet it was piling up against her. CHAPTER V To avoid needless description, and at the same time give the reader a rough outline of the general lay of the land so that he may better understand the events which follow, a rough map of Elkhorn and vicinity is printed on the next page. As will be seen by this sketch, prac- tically all of the wealthier residents of Elkhorn, most of whom were directors and stockholders in the chemical com- pany, resided along, this country road where the contour of the land gave them better opportunities for spacious grounds and broad lawns than did the 