The Georgetown Mystery 51 Dorgan read it and his eyes glowed. "Lizzie, you remember you told me last summer that if you could do me a favor, you would?" "Yes." "Well, can I have this letter for a while if I agree to return it to you?" "And let me get run in without any proof of what I tell the bulls?" "The chief will take my word that you're on the square." "What do you want with it?" "I can't tell you that. But I'll prom- ise to return it. You know that I usu- ally keep my promises." "All right, if you promise. But I want it back sure." "You'll get it. By the way, what is your real name, Lizzie?" "That's it--Harley. That's the truth, Jim." Dorgan that night requested and was granted three days leave without pay. V. Jim Dorgan was back in the office of Prosecutor Thornton at Rockland. He presented the letter he brought with him to the prosecutor, who read it over slowly. "Are you content to let the case rest now, Bill?" Jim asked. "No, I guess riot, Jim. Perhaps you had the right hunch after all. I don't suppose that old Jacobsen would hardly have sent that money without the knowledge of the owner of the bank, who now happens to be Mrs. Lewis. We'll go out and see her at once." The Dorgan - car drove up to the Georgetown home of the widow. The prosecutor and Dorgan alighted and were met at the door by Mrs. Lewis. They were startled by her appearance --a woman aged years in months, her hair graying. She hesitated a morrient, then opened the door to them. She asked them to be seated. Thornton went to his subject at once. He produced the letter, passed it to her and asked if she understood what it meant. Mrs. Lewis paled to her hair and seemed to be on the point of denial. Then her manner changed suddenly and she was at ease. "Yes, I know what it means, Mr. Thornton," she said. "It--it was sent at my instruction. How did you get it?" Thornton explained how Dorgan had come into possession of it, and recalled that Dorgan had been present last sum- mer. "Will you tell us what the letter means--how it all happened, Mrs. Lewis?" he added. "Yes, I will be glad to. Do you know, Will," she said, taking up his name of school days, "I am glad that you came today. Probably you will not believe it, but I am. I have thought very, very seriously of seeing you about it, and I would have in time. You do not know how a terrible secret like I have harbored can burn its way into one's soul. I have been miserable, and yet I have not quite had the courage to make a clean breast of it. So I'm glad you're here. At last I can tell.". "Yes, Mrs. Lewis--Helen--I can understand," Thornton assured her. "Tell us everything and you will feel better." "I had that money sent to Miss Har- ley," she went on deliberately, "because her brother had told me she was a crip- ple ; and he had expressed a hope that some time he might be able to supply her with funds for an operation. He had talked to me about her, and--and I thought I should do it. That money, Will, was stolen from the bank." Dorgan glanced toward Thornton victoriously. The prosecutor's eyes showed plainly that he disliked to be- lieve it. 