82 The Tell-Tale Band of Yellow sullen, furtive eyes of the saloonkeeper, Gunson whirled on his heel in a light- ning pivot. They came at him in a headlong rush, silent, no guns--knives out, life-pre- servers--an evil ring of dark faces and clutching hands. .. Something hissed in a thin-drawn whine at the level of his cheek--the knife clanged, quivering, in the mahogany. Voices rose, bestial, snarling: "Croak him . . . croak th' bull!" A slungshot at the end of a swart, hairy arm, drove over his shoul- der. Gunson had been trained up from the streets, the alleys. To a habit of light- ning decision was added the perfect co- ordination of muscles steel-hard and willow-withed. Now he multiplied him- self--the fighting flame of his Norse forebears rising to a Baresark fury at the thought that these were the paid hirelings, doubtless, of the man who, he was now convinced, had murdered Sinsabaugh. His fist, behind it the weight of two hundred pounds of iron- hard muscle, crashed into a grinning face. The face was blotted out. Hemmed in as he was, there was no time for gunplay--it was fist and elbow against knife and club in a ferocious free-for-all of which the issue could not be long in doubt. He went to one knee under the glanc- ing impact of a sandbag, heaved up- ward, shook his head as a pugilist ral- lies his whirling wits--and then, muscle and mind and body, hurled himself in one furious, headlong dive into and through that vicious ring of steel. The spank of a clean-cut blow was followed by a groaning curse, and for the first time the crash of an automatic, and the dull tsung of splintered glass. A red-hot needle seared through his cheek as, ducking under the out- stretched arm of the last of his attack- ers, his swinging uppercut was followed by a grunt and a slumping fall. Then he was through the swinging doors-- and away. They would not follow him--of that he was reasonably certain--but never- theless he went forward at a lunging run, jerking his service pistol from its holster as he approached the black maw of the alley. Then--he stumbled--went to his hands and knees--fumbled a moment iri the darkness, produced his pocket flash. And in the radius of that clear beam he saw, staring up at him from the cobbles, the dead face, with its staring eyes and brief, twisted grin, of Chicken-Foot Darragh. * * * * Masterman, secure in the knowledge that his decoy had by this time accom- plished his purpose (he had had Gun- son trailed for the best part of'the eve- ning) went swiftly to a room which he kept in a slightly more respectable neighborhood. This he had used often enough in the past--Gunson was aware of it, of course. Now, with that healthy fatigue which is the prerogative of thieves and murderers as well as of honest men, Masterman flung himself on the bed. He was dog-tired, so much so that he had removed his coat and hat, merely, before he was breathing easily, like a man whose conscience had never been burdened with anything heavier than a hearty dinner. As a matter of fact, he had bent over to unlace his shoes, but in the very act sleep had overtaken him. If he had done so, this story might never have been written--but he did not. And he had had them on since the night of Sinsabaugh's death, just twenty-four hours previous. It had required no very special keen- ness on the part of Gunson to deduce that Masterman would do the very thing that he had done--seek his room. 