The Unbelievable 37 tiously until he reached a certain door- way. A great sigh of relief came through his parted lips as, looking up, he saw that the transom was dark. As quickly as though he were a profession- al thief he drew the ring of oddly shaped keys from his pocket and tried them one by one until the lock beneath his hand turned. Softly as though stealing into a chamber of death he stole into the room. His errand within took him no more than five or perhaps ten minutes to com- plete. Then as silently and as cau- tiously as he had entered, he withdrew, relocking the door behind him. But he did not come away empty banded. Under his loose coat he clung firmly to something, holding it eagerly as though it were of great value to him. Not caring now whether or not he were seen, he walked boldly down the hall and waited for the elevator, which a moment later bore him to the main corridor below. Now his hurry and excitement were over. What he had set out to do he had accomplished. Leisurely he turned his steps homeward. At a corner drug store he stopped, and spent a few moments telephoning. A half hour later he was in bed sleeping as quietly as a tired child. IV The next morning at eleven o'clock five people were gathered in Police Commissioner Oglethorpe's office at headquarters awaiting the coming of Song Kee. The Commissioner himself sat at his desk going through his morn- ing's mail. Detective Sergeant Delaney stood beside the window looking down into Centre Street and talked in subdued whispers to a representative from the District Attorney's office. In a far cor- ner sat Sylvia Granger beside her fiance, Grover. They did not talk, but just sat there hand in hand waiting expec- tantly At five minutes after the hour, Song Kee was ushered into the room. He was immaculately garbed in morning coat, striped trousers and patent leather boots. In one hand he carried a silk hat in the latest mode, in the other a cane. When Delaney saw him he gasped. In dress and manner he was so different from the little Chinaman who used to lounge in the backroom of the-Branch De- tective Bureau, tolerated for his good nature and his generosity in the matter of fairly good cigars. His surprise was changed to awe when he saw the Commissioner rise and greet the Chinaman with the respect one shows to an equal. Song Kee bowed low to Miss Granger and the Commissioner. He greeted De- laney with a genial wave of the hand. Then he hung his hat on the Commis- sioner's rack and leaned his cane care- fully against it. These details attended to he seated himself comfortably in the centre of the room. "I must apologize for keeping you all waiting," he said, "but my taxi was de- layed--a little argument between my driver and one of your excellent traffic policemen. But now that I am here we can proceed at once- with the matter in hand. "You are all here," he continued, "at my request. Be assured, I would not have sent for you had the affair not been urgent. I have done three things-- proved the validity of certain statements I once made to you, Mr. Oglethorpe; given Miss Granger the help she asked for, and taken advantage of Mr. Dela- ney's offer to 'go to it' if I thought I could discover anything he had over- looked in the Grenville murder case." A half suppressed snort from Delaney interrupted him. He turned. "Yes, Mr. Delaney," he said gently, "I have found several little things which you overlooked--one of which is the real murderer of Irene Grenville." 