120 The Mystery of the Marseilles Express to the front of the prefecture by a false alarm. The mortuary faces on an alley, where we had a covered wagon. You see, it was so easy that even you might have done it." Bailey lay very still, hoping that the Frenchman, in his streak of garrulous boasting, might say still more. But the fellow had apparently fulfilled his in- structions. He drew his revolver, and looked curiously down at the agent. "They say Americans know how to die," he observed casually. "We will see." Bill stiffened, but he kept his eyes fixed on the other's yellow orbs. It was hard to die there, with so much of life before him, but the least he could do was to keep up a bold front. They want- ed to see him wince, and he did not in- tend giving them that satisfaction. The thug lifted his weapon, and his comrades crowded up, their rat faces glistening. Bailey's fingers tightened, and his lips drew down in a hard line as he tensed himself for the shock-- A revolver exploded; another fol- lowed. Two of the Parisians fell. Their leader plunged for the open, and a huge, gray-haired gendarme deliberately shot him in the back. The apache spun around, and rocketed down the steps, to lie, an unkempt heap, at the bottom. When Bailey was liberated he dashed downstairs and propped the dying man on his knee. There was much that the fellow could tell him if he would. "Nom d'un nom!" the apache groaned. "I'm going ... To think that a rotten gendarme should get me at last ..." "Who killed Sheppard?" Bailey de- manded. "He paid us . . . five hundred francs . . . Zut! Five hundred fraiics, and I haven't spent a damned sou ..." "Who killed Sheppard?" The Parisian rolled his pale eyes up- ward. "Parbleau! I'll tell.- Why not? I got five hundred francs to finish you, and I haven't spent a centime . . . " He sat up suddenly. "Be watchful of Ber- tal," he gasped; "they are going to kill him." Then his head sagged back, and he died very Quietly in Bailey's arms. "They are going to kill Bertal!" The dead man's warning rang in Bailey's ears. What had the man Bertal, whose card had been found in the corpse's pocket, to do with this affair? Just where did he fit into the distorted mosaic ? The agent had known that the presence of Bertal's card in Sheppard's pocket could hardly have been due to chance. But he had had no time to in- vestigate any of the little clues he had caught out of the tangled skein. Now his time would be further occupied in preventing some one from exterminat- ing the unhappy Monsieur Bertal. Bailey rose from his knees to find the gray mustached gendarme regarding him quizzically. "I have under arrest," said Sergeant Meaux, "a woman named Denise Gi- rard. We found her on the third floor." Bailey's voice was normal when he asked, "On what charge are you hold- ing her?" "She has confessed to the murder of the man who was found on the Paris- Marseilles express." "Nonsense!" said Bailey violently. "Perhaps not, monsieur. She is quite positive in expressing herself. And, after all, it would not be the first wom- an who resorted to murder. It was a wise man who first said, "Cherchez la femme." Bailey stood silent, eyes on the ground. It was absurd to believe that his sweet girl had committed so shock- ing a crime. She had confessed. Bah! What the devil was a confession? Many an innocent person had confessed before this. But ugly doubt reared its head. Why was she so apparently friendly with Beau Nash? Why-- Bailey believed it would be better not 