28 The Unbelievable Ralston Hotel, where the deceased had lived, stated that at seven-fifteen on the night of the murder she had been stand- ing at one end of the public hallway on the fourth floor. She was occupied at the time with the sorting of soiled linen pre- paratory to sending it downstairs to the laundry. She had seen Miss Grenville leave her rooms. Closing the door of her sitting-room, which was near the end of the hall where the deponent was working, the actress walked rapidly down the hall toward the elevator. Question by the Coroner:--Except for yourself, was the deceased alone in the hall. Witness:--No, sir. A man was com- ing toward her from the other end of the hall? ~ Question:--How far apart were they when you last saw them ? Witness:--About five or six feet apart, sir. Question:--At that time had the man reached or passed the deceased ? Witness:--Neither, sir. Question by the Foreman of the Jury:--Did you recognize the man? Witness :--No, sir. Not then. The chambermaid went on with her story. This was to the effect that she had resumed her task of sorting the linen, turning her back on the hall where Miss Grenville and the man were walk- ing. But hardly had she turned and started her work before she had been startled by a shriek of agony. Terror- stricken, she had turned back to the hall. There she saw the deceased lying on the floor. The man was bending over her. She had run to them and found Miss Grenville dead--stabbed through the heart. And the man bending over the body she had recognized as Mr. George Grover, a young man who had a suite on the floor above. Question :--Did Mr. Grover say any- thing to you ? Witness:--No, sir. Not to me direct- ly, sir. But he kept repeating over and over, "Good God! She's dead! She's dead!" Sophie Mallory was excused. The next witness was Detective Sergeant De- laney of the Branch Detective Bureau. Delaney spoke in the calm, unemotion- al tone of a man to whom giving testi- mony in court is an ordinary occurrence. He stated that he had gone to the Rals- ton Hotel on the night of the murder in response to a telephone call from the management. He had found Irene Grenville dead. She had been stabbed through the heart. The dagger was still sticking in the body. Among the people gathered around the dead wom- an he had spoken to Sophie Mallory and to George Grover. After he had heard the chambermaid's story, he had arrested Grover on suspicion. "And besides," he volunteered, "the man looked like he had done the trick. He was white and shaking like a leaf." Further he testified that with the per- mission of the coroner he had removed from the body of the deceased the fatal dagger and taken it to headquarters to be examined for finger-prints. Question:--Were there finger-prints on the dagger? Witness:--There were. Question:--Can you state whose? Witness:--I can. They were the fin- ger-prints of George Grover. The next witness was Marie Thibault, an excitable Frenchwoman who for many years had been maid to Miss Gren- ville. All that she had to tell was that George Grover had been acquainted with her mistress and that there had been some bad feeling between them. "I cannot say what was the matter," she said. "All I know is that the last time Monsieur brought Mad'moiselle home from the theatre, Mad'moiselle, she say to me, 'Marie, nevaire let me see that crazy man some more'." A hush fell over the court-room when, 